Erik ten Hag hails return of 'valuable' Casemiro & Christian Eriksen for Man Utd ahead of top-four run-in

Erik ten Hag has hailed the return of Casemiro and Christian Eriksen as Manchester United look to secure their place in the Premier League top four.

Despite a strong start to 2023, Man Utd's Premier League season has hit a small stumbling block in recent weeks. The Red Devils got  , before playing out a 0-0 draw with Southampton,  . Newcastle    triumphing 2-0 at St. James' Park. However, following a recent victory over Brentford, things are looking up and Ten Hag is also about to be boosted by the returns of Casemiro and Eriksen.  Ten Hag has hailed the return of the two midfielders who were so important to United's success early on in the campaign. He said: "It's obvious and clear they are two very valuable players for us and especially so in midfield, we all know how important the midfield department is." Eriksen has been absent for the best part of three months with an injury picked up against Reading in the FA Cup, and Ten Hag was full of praise for the Danish midfielder. "He is always composed on the ball. You can always find him, so in the progressing of the game and he has key actions. He has key passes, the final pass, so I think that brings a lot to a team." The Red Devils have three games in eight days as they face Everton and Nottingham Forest either side of a Europa League quarter-final clash with Sevilla.


PSG's plethora of problems: From Lionel Messi's controversial contract extension to convincing Kylian Mbappe to stay

The reigning Ligue 1 champions are still on course for an 11th title but all is not well at the Parc des Princes...

Last Saturday, the PSG ultras issued a letter to club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi. They asked to meet with him,   with the club's "flashy" signings and dubbed PSG's project "a sports policy without real direction". There is, perhaps, good reason for their anger. PSG have stagnated as a club this year. They lost in the   and were knocked out of the Coup de France by arch-rivals Marseille. And although they are partaking in the customary walking of Ligue 1, their campaign hasn't been as smooth as it should be. As the international break ends, everything should be rather simple in Paris. Indeed, for all of this year's madness, the club simply has to see out the season without concern of extra competitions or further hurdles to negotiate.  But look beyond that, and PSG are in a state of chaos. The project is lacking in direction,  , Kylian Mbappe has no real reason to stay, and  .  In other words: the ultras have a point.  takes a look at the plethora of problems facing PSG as the season winds to a close... 


Real Madrid's next boss: Mauricio Pochettino, Raul and the leading candidates to replace under-pressure coach Carlo Ancelotti

Carlo Ancelotti could leave the Santiago Bernabeu at the end of the season and there are several possible replacements...

Carlo Ancelotti hasn't done much wrong as Real Madrid coach. Since arriving for the second time 18 months ago, he has won La Liga and the Champions League – and could win the latter again this season.  He has revived an ageing squad, helped   become a Ballon d'Or winner, and developed   into a world-class winger.  But now, his job is being called into question. Barcelona are running away with La Liga and with   it appears his days in Spain could be numbered.  That leaves Madrid potentially looking for a new manager this summer, and they can likely get whoever they want.  Such is the pull of the club, and the relentlessness of President Florentino Perez, that Los Blancos are very hard to turn down. Still, this could be a particularly appointment to make.  In Ancelotti, Madrid had the right kind of character for the job. The famously sound man-manager has brought the team immense success on confidence alone, allowing a world-class squad to play to their own beat.  But Madrid have become predictable, and  . The  Indeed, the experienced squad that grinded their way to a European-domestic double is on their way out, while a wave of youth talent could still do with moulding and guidance.  The current options, though, are mixed. Thomas Tuchel was the most obvious candidate before he was  .  Still, there are a few managers of interest on the market, including  .  takes a look at who could take the helm next at the Santiago Bernabeu... 


'We have to play in the Champions League' - Erik ten Hag not accepting failure in Man Utd top-four hunt this season

Erik ten Hag has said a club like Manchester United must play Champions League football as he looks to guide them back into the competition.

 Ten Hag has enjoyed considerable success at Old Trafford since joining in the summer of 2022,   as well as a   and an  . However, he will not be satisfied unless they reach the Champions League next season.  "Let's make one thing clear, we have to play Champions League football," Ten Hag said when asked about offering new signings the opportunity to play in Europe's elite competition. "A club like Manchester United has to play in the Champions League. So there is no misunderstanding. "Of course, we are more interesting when we are in the Champions League, but when we are not, we are still attractive for players. I have noticed that last year when we were not in the Champions League but I want to make my point clear, we have to be in the Champions League."  Ten Hag alluded to United's pull even without Champions League football, citing the signing of   last summer as an example, but he is insistent that the club needs to return to the competition. United can still qualify by finishing in the Premier League's top four, or by winning the Europa League.  United's bid to finish in the top-four restarts on April 2 as they travel to Newcastle, with the Magpies also looking to end their absence from the competition. They then face Brentford on April 5 as  .


West Ham vs Southampton: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch West Ham vs Southampton in the Premier League on TV and online in the United States, United Kingdom & India.

 take on   in a  game at London Stadium on Sunday. The Hammers are unbeaten in their last three matches in all competitions which include two wins. They will hope to get three points again on Sunday and move out of the relegation zone. Southampton, on the other hand, are without a win in their last three matches and are currently 20th in the Premier League  brings you everything you need to know about how to watch the Premier League fixture between West Ham vs Southampton, plus team news, recent form and more.


Bolton vs Plymouth: Where to watch EFL Trophy final online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch and stream Bolton vs Plymouth on TV and online in the United States, United Kingdom & India.

 are set to take on   at Wembley Stadium on Sunday in the   final. The Trotters topped their group courtesy of their two wins against Crewe Alexandra and Leeds United. Subsequently, they overcame Barrow and Manchester United U-21 in the knockouts before beating Portsmouth and Accrington Stanley in the quarter-final and semi-final, respectively, to book their place in the title decider. They travel to London well-rested as they played their last match against Sheffield Wednesday in League One on March 18.  Meanwhile, Plymouth are at the top of the League One table with 80 points from 38 matches. They have been in sublime form throughout the season and will be gunning to get their hands on the trophy on Sunday.  The Pilgrims beat Cheltenham in the last four to reach this stage and if they win it will be their first silverware since 2004.   brings you everything you need to know about how to watch the match, plus team news, recent form and more.


Will Wout Weghorst join Man Utd permanently? Erik ten Hag addresses Burnley loanee's future

Erik ten Hag heaped praise on Burnley loanee Wout Weghorst when being quizzed on the forward's longer-term future.

The Dutch manager applauded the striker's ability to press upfront while also pointing out his link-up play and ability to create goal scoring chances for his teammates. Speaking to reporters Ten Hag said, " "He is really contributing to the performance of this team after Christmas, we played 25 games and we lost two games. So you can see and he played nearly almost all those games. He was really a part of that success.'" The Red Devils signed the Netherlands international on loan from Burnley in the January transfer window after Cristiano Ronaldo's exit from the club back in November. Since arriving at Old Trafford, Weghorst has appeared in 18 games in all competitions, scoring twice and providing one assist. Despite scoring just two goals for the club, he has continued to remain   predominantly due to Anthony Martial's injury problems. Ten Hag's side will be next seen in action on Sunday when they take on Newcastle United in a Premier League clash.


Harry Maguire back to Leicester? Foxes interested in loaning out-of-favour Man Utd captain next season

Harry Maguire could return to Leicester City next season as the Foxes consider signing him on loan from Manchester United.

Leicester, who are currently languishing in the relegation zone have leaked 49 goals this season, are in need of defensive reinforcements. This has reportedly prompted Brendan Rodgers to consider bringing out-of-favour United skipper Maguire back to the club, according to  . The England international departed the King Power Stadium for a world-record £80 million ($98.8m) back in 2019.  Since Erik ten Hag took charge at the beginning of this season, the England international has scarcely featured, clocking just 476 Premier League minutes. Despite his limited game time, the 30-year-old has remained committed to  . Ten Hag's side next take on Newcastle United in a Premier League clash on Sunday.


Real Madrid vs Real Valladolid: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Real Madrid vs Real Valladolid in La Liga in the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news.

 will host   in a   fixture on Sunday at Santiago Bernabeu.  Los Blancos are 12 points behind leaders Barcelona after their 2-1 defeat in El Clasico before the international break. They have the second-best home record in La Liga this season as they have won 28 points from 12 matches and will hope to build on that record. Meanwhile, Valladolid have not won an away games against Real Madrid in La Liga since May 2000, with Gregorio Manzano as coach (1-0). Since then, they have only been able to draw in two of their 12 away matches against the Madrid side in the competition (L10).  brings you details on how to watch the game on TV in the U.S., UK and India as well as how to stream live online.


Joao Felix to Man Utd?! Red Devils monitoring Chelsea loan star's progress ahead of potential summer transfer

Manchester United are reportedly monitoring the progress of on-loan Chelsea star Joao Felix ahead of a proposed summer transfer to Old Trafford.

, who has enjoyed slightly more success than most after his loan move to Stamford Bridge in January. However, the Portuguese attacker could turn out for a different English team next season, with  .    are suggesting that Old Trafford could be a potential destination for Felix should he leave Atletico Madrid permanently this summer. Several factors mean a full-time move to west London is unlikely, none more so than the Blues' Champions League status, with the club currently sat   United look almost certain to regain a Champions League position, and their relatively cautious spending means they may be able to pay closer to Atletico's demands than Chelsea,   rules should the spending spree continue under Todd Boehly. The Blues will look to make up some ground in the race for European football next season as they host Liverpool on April 4, before they travel to relegation battling Wolves. United, on the other hand, are looking to solidify their place in the top four when they travel to Newcastle on April 2.


Newcastle vs Manchester United: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Newcastle against Man United in the Premier League in the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news.

It would be a month and a fortnight since   picked their last   win, when the   take on   at St. James' Park on Sunday. In a repeat of the Carabao Cup final where United defeated Newcastle 2-0 in February as the former ended their six-year trophy drought, now both teams are playing for a top-four league finish this season. Erik ten Hag's men have since advanced to the Europa League last-eight and FA Cup semi-finals but are winless in the Premier League after the heavy 7-0 mauling at the hands of Liverpool was followed by a goalless draw against Southampton. Meanwhile, a win on Sunday can take Newcastle level on points with Man United in the top four after the Magpies responded to the 2-0 loss to Manchester City with 2-1 wins over Wolves and Nottingham Forest.  brings you details on how to watch the game on TV in the U.S., UK and India as well as how to stream live online.


Kim Min-jae transfer race hots up! Liverpool and PSG are latest clubs interested in Napoli breakout star

Liverpool and PSG have both shortlisted South Korean and Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae as they look to revamp their defences this summer.

   is being spearheaded by the deadly duo of  and  , but Kim has been equally impressive. His performances have landed him on the shortlist of several clubs such as PSG and Liverpool.    believe that Kim is in no hurry to leave Napoli on the verge of their third ever Scudetto, but suggest he may be open to leaving to Liverpool if he was offered the role of a guaranteed starter at Anfield.  While it seems Liverpool lead the race to sign Kim, the asking price may be a stumbling block. The Italian side are looking to tie the imposing defender to a new contract, inserting a release clause of €90 million (£79m/$97m), suggesting they value the defender highly. Liverpool are not known to spend such high amounts on one player, .  The Partenopei restart their bid to win the Scudetto by hosting AC Milan, incidentally their opponents in the upcoming Champions League quarter-finals. They then face Lecce before their first leg against Milan on April 12. In terms of the summer,   and an intense battle for his signature could be about to begin.


WATCH: Genius! Federico Bernardeschi scores direct from corner to give Toronto the lead in MLS clash with Charlotte

Federico Bernaredeschi's move from Juventus to Toronto FC was seen as the deal of the season for the Canadians and the Italian is proving them right.

 Bernardeschi has already helped Toronto FC out with four goal contributions in six games so far and on Sunday night he scored a spectacular 'Olimpico' goal against Charlotte in the sixth minute. The former Juventus man took a left-footed corner on the right of Charlotte's goal and managed to slot the ball into the opposite corner of the goal over the helpless George Marks. Federico Bernardeschi scores an Olimpico 😱 What a goal directly from the corner kick.       Toronto will be hopeful that Bernardeschi's wonderful form can continue as the Canadians travel to Nashville next weekend in a bid to enter the top eight in the Eastern Conference.


Bayern Munich FEUD! Julian Nagelsmann hits out at club hierarchy for leaking sacking news before he was told

Julian Nagelsmann has hit back at Bayern Munich for leaking his sacking news even before it was communicated to him.

Bayern parted ways with the 35-year-old German manager during the March international break and replaced him with former Borussia Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel. The club issued the statement of Nageslmann's departure and Tuchel's arrival on the same day, even though the former Chelsea manager's name was floated in the media a couple of days back. Nageslmann's managing agency Sports 360 claimed that the club did not contact the manager before showing him the door. However, CEO Oliver Kahn told   pundit Lothar Matthaus that they could not schedule a meeting with Nagelsmann in person as he was on a holiday during the international break. He later claimed that the manager  still informed of his sacking before the media reported on it. Speaking to  , Sports 360 said: "There has been no contact or try to get in contact from Bayern. After all the rumours in the media, the management of Julian Nagelsmann contacted Hasan Salihamidzic by themselves." Nagelsmann had guided Bayern Munich to the quarter-final of the Champions League with a perfect record but were two points behind Dortmund in the title race after losing to Bayer Leverkusen just before the international break. The defeat prompted the Bayern officials to sack him and bring in Tuchel. It was also reported that the manager fell out with several players, including new signings like  . On the other hand,  . Matthaus has backed the club's decision to get rid of the manager as he accused him of creating too many problems and  . Tuchel had a dream start to his journey at Bayern as the club thrashed Dortmund 4-2 in Bundesliga on Saturday. They next take on Freiburg in the quarter-final of DFB Pokal on April 4.


Uli Hoeness: Julian Nagelsmann could still be Bayern Munich coach if he didn't go on a ski holiday!

Ex-Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness has suggested Julian Nagelsmann's ski trip was a factor in the club's decision to sack the manager last month.

   during the recent international window and replaced with former Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel. Now, long-time former president Hoeness has slammed Nagelsmann's decision to go away on a ski holiday after their Bundesliga defeat to Leverkusen. Speaking to , Hoeness said: "Nagelsmann should not have gone on a skiing holiday after the defeat in Leverkusen. If he had stayed in Munich, they would have met him and spoken to him Monday or Tuesday. And who knows what would have happened then?"  The situation is starting to boil, with  . Oliver Kahn, ex-German goalkeeper and current Bayern CEO, has also suggested that due to Nagelsmann's holiday they could not schedule a meeting to discuss his position at the club. However, he was adamant   before the press broke the news of his departure. Many   are swirling but it is suggested he had a   in the weeks leading up to the decision.  The Bavarian giants won their first match under Tuchel,  . They next take on Freiburg in the DFB Pokal quarter-finals on April 4.


Liverpool interested in Conor Gallagher with Chelsea midfielder one of Jurgen Klopp's preferred midfield targets this summer

Liverpool are considering a move for Chelsea midfielder Conor Gallagher next season as he features among Jurgen Klopp's preferred midfield targets.

The Reds are keen on upgrading their midfield after a disappointing 2022-23 season - they are currently 30 points behind league leaders Arsenal. Klopp sees the England international as a perfect fit for his playing style and wants to get the deal done next season, according to the  . Gallagher has a contract with the Blues until 2025. While it is generally difficult to lure a player away from a top team like Chelsea, the job might be much easier next summer as the Blues are compelled to sell some assets to comply with the FFP rules. They currently have 31 players in their squad after making numerous signing since Todd Boehly took over as the club's principal owner in the summer. After a humiliating 4-1 defeat at the hands of Manchester City, Klopp's men next take on Chelsea in a Premier League clash on April 4.


WATCH: 'Three games in a row these guys don't know what handball is!' - LA Galaxy coach Greg Vanney LOSES IT at referees after team remains winless in MLS following Seattle Sounders draw

On Saturday evening, during a 2-1 loss to Seattle Sounders, LA Galaxy appealed for a penalty after Nouhou Tolo seemingly handled the ball. 

 However, it was not given, with coach Vanney left furious. During his post-match press conference, the Galaxy coach criticized the refereeing performances that had befallen them over their last three games, where he felt his side deserved a penalty in each game.  “What we deserve, we should get… I’m fighting for my guys,” he exclaimed. You can watch the full rant below.   Greg Vanney goes off!! MAN ON FIRE!! He goes in on the officiating in today's   game vs. the   .  1-2 |   |   |        📷📷        📷|       Galaxy have not started their season well and things look bleak for Vanney. Time will tell how long the American will be at the helm of the club.


'It's going to happen soon' - Lionel Messi edging closer to MLS move according to 'inside information', Shep Messing says

Soccer pundit Shep Messing claims he has 'inside information' that suggests Lionel Messi is on his way to Major League Soccer.

    For the last year or so, there have been a lot of reports that have suggested Messi will join Inter Miami, with MLS Commissioner Don Garber even talking about the league   to bring the World Cup winner to the States.    While the European season is ongoing it will still be very difficult to call how this saga may shift. However, one thing is for certain - MLS sides are in the running to sign the player.


Will Folarin Balogun return to Arsenal? Ian Wright explains why USMNT target is a ‘guarantee’ of goals for Gunners

Ian Wright is hoping to see Folarin Balogun “prove himself” at Arsenal in 2023-24 after generating plenty of excitement while on loan at Reims.

The 21-year-old striker, who is under contract with the Gunners through to 2025, has registered 18 goals this season while picking up vital experience in France. Balogun now finds himself at the centre of an  , while questions are being asked of whether his   – which some big decisions needing to be made in the coming months.  Arsenal legend Wright, who scored 185 goals for the Gunners, has told the   when pressed on whether Balogun should form part of Mikel Arteta’s plans next season: “Hopefully he can come back to Arsenal at some stage and prove himself. He’s gone to another level in confidence. I think anywhere he goes in aspect of leagues; he’ll do what he is doing (in France) with the right service. It’s the way he’s taking those chances. His head space is at a different place right now. He knows he can do it right now. I guarantee you if he comes back, he probably picks up from what he’s doing in that league.” Balogun is yet to reveal his intentions when it comes to domestic and international football, although he did withdraw from the latest England U21 squad – as the   – and Arsenal already have the likes of Gabriel Jesus and Eddie Nketiah on their books. For now, Balogun is focused on ending the current campaign as positively as possible, with there every chance that he will break the 20-goal barrier having previously only found the target on five occasions across his 10 competitive outings for Arsenal and a frustrating loan spell at Middlesbrough in 2021-22.


'You have to earn your place' - New France manager Herve Renard fires warning to squad ahead of Women's World Cup

Herve Renard has fired a warning to his new France squad as he prepares to get his tenure as manager underway.

  , Renard has taken over as head coach months before the Women's World Cup in the summer. He has been quick to send his squad a message about how he will pick players for the upcoming tournament. “They must know that they have homework," Renard said. "I will be very clear. I will not give gifts to anyone. You have to earn your place. Afterwards, there will be happy people, there will be unhappy people. This is the history of sport, of football." Despite possessing several world class players down the years France have never won a major international trophy, and Renard will be looking to change that this summer. One of his  , after she 'stepped back' amid uncertainty within the French Football Federation.  Renard will take charge of his first games as France's head coach against Colombia and Canada in the April international break.


Chelsea sticking with Graham Potter! Blues will continue to back under-fire boss despite Julian Nagelsmann availability

Chelsea are keeping on faith with Graham Potter even after a series of disappointing results - despite the availability of Julian Nagelsmann.

The Blues are planning to stick with Potter even after their   on Saturday in the Premier League, according to the  . Chelsea have managed to win just three of their last 10 Premier League outings and are currently 11th with 38 points from 28 games. With the Champions League still to play for -   - and with only 10 matches to go in the league, the Blues are reluctant to part ways with Potter despite Nagelsmann's availability after his recent sacking from Bayern Munich. After the disappointment against Aston Villa, Potter's men will next face Liverpool on April 4 in the Premier League.


Mohamed Salah explains how trophyless season will impact Liverpool as Egyptian sends early warning to Reds’ rivals

Mohamed Salah has warned Liverpool’s domestic and European rivals that a trophyless campaign will make them “more hungry” for success in 2023-24.

The Reds, who were in contention for a historic quadruple last season as they  , are destined to end up empty-handed this term. Jurgen Klopp’s side have   – dropping them out of the Champions League, FA Cup, Carabao Cup and Premier League title race – but Salah says a humbling reality check at Anfield will have Liverpool ever more determined to get back on the trophy trail next season. The Egyptian forward has told   of failing to add to his medal collection in 2023: “It will make us more hungry next season. It's tough this season to feel you are out of all competitions, but this is football and we have to accept it. We need to bounce back next season, that is the best way.” Salah has been doing his bit for the Liverpool cause this season, with his 23-goal haul across all competitions seeing him  . The odd question has been asked of Salah’s future, despite him only signing a new contract last summer, but the expectation is that he will be back to lead another charge from Klopp’s team in 2023-24 – potentially with more fresh faces alongside him as the Reds prepare for another transfer window.


Napoli vs AC Milan: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Napoli vs AC Milan in Serie A in the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news.

 will be looking to further stamp their authority at the top of   when they welcome   at the Diego Armando Maradona Stadium on Sunday. Only a remarkable collapse can prevent   from ending their 33-year Scudetto wait as Luciano Spalletti's men boast a 15+ points lead over their nearest rivals, including Milan - whom they would meet again in the Champions League quarter-final soon enough. Sunday's hosts have won their last three games in all competitions scoring a combined nine goals and conceding none - the last a 4-0 league win over Torino  while Stefano Pioli's side enter the game on the back of a 3-1 loss at Udinese in Serie A.  brings you details on how to watch the game on TV in the U.S., UK and India as well as how to stream live online.


Ben White will never change! Arsenal defender explains why he didn’t watch title rivals Man City in action against Liverpool

Ben White has never hidden the fact that he is not the biggest football fan, with the Arsenal star opting not to watch Manchester City vs Liverpool.

The versatile Gunners defender is a proven Premier League performer and senior international with England, but he  . White’s family were not really into football during his childhood, despite his obvious talent, and the 25-year-old continues to fill his spare time steering clear of live action – even when rivals for the English top-flight crown are in action. Quizzed by   on whether he had taken the opportunity to catch a glimpse of City in action as they faced Liverpool at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday, White said: “I don’t watch football.” Plenty inside the Arsenal camp will be keeping a close eye on City, as the Gunners attempt to wrestle the Premier League title away from the reigning champions, but White believes his laid-back approach could prove beneficial when attempting to keep emotions in check. He added: “There's a lot of noise going on outside, and everyone is just keeping it very quiet and just getting on with what we are doing. I don't really know what's right or wrong, I have never been in this position before. So we are just keeping quiet, heads down and working hard.”  on Saturday lunchtime, but Arsenal delivered the perfect response to that triumph when   – allowing Arteta’s side to restore their eight-point lead at the top of the table.


St. Louis City FINALLY lose! Minnesota hands expansion team their first ever MLS defeat as Bradley Carnell concedes 'we're not superhuman'

St Louis City have been on an incredible run in their first Major League Soccer season. However, they've finally suffered their first loss in MLS.

 St. Louis City's five-game winning streak has finally been broken and it was in a thrilling 1-0 loss to Minnesota United. Coach Braley Carnell has stated his men are not superhuman and the loss proves that. : "The burning fire was missing early on in the game. Maybe it starts weighing on the boys," Carnell said. "That's the nature of the beast right, you’re successful, the boys know at some point this thing has to change, right? It's just human nature and these boys are not robots and yeah, we're just human beings after all." St. Louis City will be barely affected by the defeat as they still lead the league with only one loss in the books and a goal difference of +14. They need to make sure they learn from their shortcomings as they face second-place Seattle Sounders at Citypark, who with a win, could overtake St. Louis in the Western Conference.  St. Louis has two massive games coming up next with Seattle Sounders and Cincinnati. They will be working towards positive results in both that would help them strengthen their hold on top spot.


Real Madrid vs Real Valladolid: Lineups and LIVE updates

Can Real Madrid get back to winning ways?

Ancelotti's Real Madrid returns to action in La Liga against Real Valladolid following the international break in a bid to get back to winning ways. Real Madrid come into this having suffered yet another loss to archrivals Barcelona in the first leg of Copa del Rey. Los Blancos boast of a formidable record against their opponents, Real Valladolid, being unbeaten in their last 14 meetings, winning 12 of them. They have scored in 44 of the last 45 home games against Real Valladolid, averaging about 2.5 goals per game. Los Merengues will be without French left-back Mendy who suffered an injury earlier. Ancelotti's men have seen a dip in form and have already lost three La Liga games this year. Real Valladolid are currently 15th in the league and come into this having lost their previous game in the league against Athletic Club. While their record against Madrid isn't the best, Valladolid have collected four points from their last four away games, which is the same amount as their previous 11 away games. They will be hoping to spoil the party for the Los Blancos and further dent their La Liga campaign. : Courtois; Vazquez, Militao, Alaba, Camavinga; Tchouameni, Kroos; Asensio; Rodrygo, Vinicius; Benzema : Asenjo; Fresnada, Fernandez, Yamiq; Perez, Mesa, Hongla, Monchu, Rosa; Plata, Leon Real Madrid will be up against Barcelona in the second leg of Copa del Rey, in what is their fourth meeting in 2023. They will then face Villarreal in the league before their quarter-final games against Chelsea. They will face the London based club twice with a game against Cadiz sandwiched between them.


Brendan Rodgers SACKED! Leicester lose patience with manager after Crystal Palace defeat heightens relegation fears

Leicester have sacked Brendan Rodgers, with the former Celtic manager seeing his four year reign at the club come to an end.

Leicester have endured a difficult season, losing 17 of their 28 fixtures so far. Rodgers has been linked with an exit at various points this year, but it appears that yesterday's last-minute 2-1 loss to relegation rivals Crystal Palace was the final straw. The Foxes have only won one Premier League fixture in 2023, and are currently 19th in the table with 10 games remaining. Assistant manager Chris Davies and first team fitness coach Glen Driscoll have also been let go,  . First team coaches Adam Sadler and Mike Stowell will take charge in the short term, the club said. There has been no indication that a new managerial appointment is imminent. "Performances and results during the current season have been below our shared expectations. It had been our belief that continuity and stability would be key to correcting our course, particularly given our previous achievements under Brendan’s management. "Regrettably, the desired improvement has not been forthcoming and, with 10 games of the season remaining, the Board is compelled to take alternative action to protect our Premier League status,"  Rodgers brought success to the King Power Stadium, winning the FA Cup in 2021 and leading the side to two consecutive fifth-placed finishes. Leicester were also on the periphery of a European final last year, but lost to Roma in the Europa Conference League semi-final. The Foxes will face five relegation rivals in their next 10 fixtures, with a trip to Manchester City also marking a crucial run to end the season. They host Aston Villa on Tuesday.


Arsenal star Vivianne Miedema offer ACL injury update as she confirms she'll miss Women's World Cup

Vivianne Miedema will miss the Women's World Cup due to the ACL injury she sustained in December 2022 against Lyon. 

 Miedema tore her ACL last year and always faced a race against time to regain fitness for this summer's showpiece event in Australia and New Zealand. Speaking during the half-time interval of Arsenal's WSL meeting with Man City, she offered an insight into when she was expecting to be fit, but admitted she will miss the tournament this summer.  "No hopes, I'm definitely going to miss the World Cup which is a hard one," she told BBC Sport. "I hope to be back for the beginning of next season. I need to be realistic in that sense." : There's no doubt that Miedema will be a miss for the Netherlands. She is the all-time top scorer for the country, scoring 95 goals in 115 appearances. The Dutch have been placed in a group alongside the USWNT, Vietnam and Portugal. The striker will continue her recovery as Arsenal look to continue their chase of the Women's Super League title against Manchester United in two weeks time. 


PSG vs Lyon: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

PSG host Lyon in Ligue 1 and here's where you can catch the action, plus team news, squads and kick-off time...

 will look to extend their lead at the top to nine points with a win against   in   on Sunday. The second fixture of the league season between Paris Saint-Germain and Olympique Lyonnais should be an interesting battle. With PSG sitting comfortably at the top of the table, the match is crucial for Lyon, who are currently six points behind the hosts in third place. A victory for PSG could all but guarantee their 11th Ligue 1 title with only 10 games to go before the season comes to a close. However, a win for Lyon could put them back in the race for the title. Both teams have talented players in their ranks but PSG are well ahead in terms of squad depth and confidence. After putting together four league wins in a row, Lionel Messi and co. lost to Rennes and will look to quickly return to ways.  tells you all you need to know about   below - including team news, squads, kick-off time and more...


Katie McCabe, take a bow! Arsenal complete THRILLING comeback against Man City to add another twist to WSL title race

Arsenal brought an end to Manchester City's 14-game unbeaten streak to move within three points of Manchester United at the top of the WSL.

Khadija Shaw opened the scoring inside 10 minutes with a delightful header, but it was far from plain sailing in the first half for City in a pulsating encounter. Frida Maanum kept her composure to level the scores early in the second-half, before Katie McCabe expertly found the net to add another twist to the WSL title race.  Despite picking up an early booking for a silly yellow card,   had a superb game for Arsenal. She defended astutely and fired home an absolute rocket to hand the Gunners all three points in the WSL title race. After scoring a quality goal last week to throw the title race wide open,  failed to have a similar impact for City here. Shaw was isolated in the second-half and Hemp was unable to create anything to help her teammate out. The England international also let a golden chance go begging before the break.  face top of the table Manchester United next in what is likely to be a defining game toward the back end of the WSL season.  will face mid-table West Ham as they look to bounce back from a devastating defeat. ⭐


Newcastle United vs Manchester United: Lineups and LIVE Updates

Newcastle United face Manchester United in the race for top four.

Manchester United return to club footballing action with a game against Newcastle United in a bid to secure their place in the top four in the Premier League. Eddie Howe's Newcastle United have been the surprise package in Premier League this season but their form has taken a hit in 2023. The Magpies had won just one of their eight games but have bounced back with two wins in two in their last two games. Newcastle are currently fifth in the table with 47 points from 26 games, just two behind Spurs with two games in hand. Their record against the Red Devils isn't great with no wins in their previous six leagues games against them. Manchester United have been impressive under Erik ten Hag and find themselves third in the Premier League table with 50 points from 26 games. They will be hoping to continue their strong run against Newcastle United, having won more Premier League away games against the Magpies than any other side. They will be hoping to put behind their scoring woes from the last two games : Pope; Trippier, Schar, Botman, Burn; Longstaff, Guimaraes, Willock; Murphy, Isak, Saint-Maximin : De Gea; Dalot, Varane, Martinez, Shaw; McTominay, Sabitzer; Antony, Fernandes, Rashford; Weghorst Manchester United will be up against Brentford and Everton in their next two league games before returning to Europa League action against Sevilla. They will then face Nottingham Forest before the Europa League second leg against Sevilla.


Why Arsenal striker Gabriel Jesus is a ‘bit disappointed’ after returning from injury & getting back among the goals

Gabriel Jesus is back among the goals at Arsenal and the ambitious Brazilian is a “bit disappointed” not to be seeing more game time for the Gunners.

Mikel Arteta has made a point of easing the 25-year-old striker back into his plans following a three-month spell on the sidelines with  . Jesus was handed his first Premier League start since returning to fitness in a 4-1 victory over Leeds – with his   as he bagged a brace – and the former Manchester City star says he is ready to play more of a prominent role for the Gunners over the coming weeks. Jesus has told   of his comeback and being replaced just after the hour mark against Leeds: “I love challenges. Obviously with an injury and when there’s surgery involved, it’s not easy but if God gives me this challenge, it’s because I can survive and come back stronger. I remember day one of rehab, working hard and thinking about the way to come back. If I don’t work hard, I’ll come back soft. Obviously, every player wants to play the full 90 minutes, I think I’m ready to play more minutes. However, when the ref said to me I was going off, I was a little bit disappointed because I want to play, but of course I respect the manager and the other players as well. So, it was 60 minutes, but I enjoyed it a lot.” Jesus is now up to seven goals for Arsenal, following his move to Emirates Stadium in the summer of 2022, and will be hoping to reach at least double figures before the end of the season. Jesus has helped the Gunners to open up an eight-point lead at the top of the Premier League table, with there just nine games left for them to navigate in   since the fabled ‘Invincibles’ of 2003-04.


Craig Bellamy: Former Liverpool & Man City star owes over £1m in tax and has been declared bankrupt

Former Liverpool and Manchester City forward Craig Bellamy has been declared bankruptcy as he owes over £1 million in tax.

The 43-year-old, who currently works as an assistant manager at Burnley, has revealed that due to some poor advice he took earlier in his career, his financial situation is in a mess and he had to declare bankruptcy after losing everything he owned. He also clarified that his bankruptcy was not due to any vices, such as gambling or addiction, and advised young footballers to take heed of his situation. Speaking to the  , Bellamy said: "Everything I have had has been taken from me. If you get the wrong people advising you it all haemorrhages, it all dwindles. It has got to the point where bankruptcy is a relief. It means I can just live again. I know some people will probably think I have squandered all my money on drinking or gambling or drugs. I haven't. I can go quiet where you won't hear from me but I won't be down the pub. I have never touched drugs since I was a young kid. I don't gamble - I have never gambled. It doesn't make any sense to me. But I have gambled on people, unfortunately. "I was brought up in a generation of footballers where everything was done for you. Every bill. Wherever I was, the club did everything for me. I think that's wrong. It makes you too vulnerable. It's good for players to have their own responsibilities because one day the club will not be there. You will finish your career and you will still be a young man, and when you finish who's going to pay your stuff then? You are going to have to learn to survive. You are going to have to live in the real world." Bellamy represented Liverpool for two seasons and also played for Manchester City between 2009 and 2012. He was also the skipper of the Wales national side and represented them from 1998 to 2013, appearing in 78 international matches. The Burnley assistant manager currently does not own a house or a car and does not have any mortgages. He 


Arsenal loanee Nuno Tavares sent away from Marseille training over lack of effort

Left-back Nuno Tavares was kicked out of training with Marseille by coach Igor Tudor last week, according to a report.

 The Croatian manager told   that a member of his team was sent back to the dressing room for a lack of effort. The French outlet has since reported that Tavares, who is on loan from Arsenal, was the player turned away from training. He was not the only one singled out, however, as Jonathan Clauss was also given a hard time for his effort in training.  Tavares, 23, has been rather prolific for a full-back, scoring six goals in Ligue 1 this season. However, he has been rather inconsistent for the Ligue 1 team and  .  Despite being kicked out of training, the full-back started in Marseille's 1-1 draw against Montpellier on Friday. He will likely be involved again as the French side take on Lorient on April 9.


13 fun facts about Joao Felix

Everything you need to know about multi-talented Portuguese Joao Felix!

Joao Felix Sequeira, commonly known as Joao Felix, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward for Chelsea (on-loan from Atletico Madrid) and the Portugal national team.  He was born on November 10, 1999, in Viseu, Portugal, and began his professional career with Benfica in 2018. Felix began his football career at the age of eight, playing for Os Pestinhas, a local team in Viseu. He was soon spotted by scouts from FC Porto and played in their academy for some time, but he ultimately joined the youth academy of Benfica in 2015.  After impressing in the youth teams, Felix made his senior debut for Benfica in August 2018, coming on as a substitute in a league match against Boavista. In his first season at Benfica, he scored 20 goals in all competitions and helped his team win the Primeira Liga title.  His performances earned him the Golden Boy award, and the Liga NOS Breakthrough Player of the Year. In the summer of 2019, Felix was signed by Atletico Madrid for a transfer fee of €126 million, making him the fourth-most expensive footballer in history. He has since become a key player for the club, helping them win the La Liga title in the 2020-21 season, and winning their player of the season award the next year. However, in 2022-23, Felix was unable to replicate his performances from the previous campaign and in January joined Chelsea on loan for the rest of the season. His debut did not go according to plan with the forward being sent off after 58 minutes. But he has risen back from his debut nightmare and contributed to Chelsea's defeat of Borussia Dortmund in the Uefa Champions League Round of 16. Felix has represented Portugal at various youth levels and made his senior debut in June 2019 in the Nations League semi-final against Switzerland. Portugal would go on to win the tournament thus giving Felix his first International trophy. He would later represent them in both the 2020 Euros as well as the 2022 World Cup. Felix is known for his technical skills, vision, and ability to score goals from distance. He is also an excellent dribbler and has the ability to create chances for his teammates. Despite his young age, he has already established himself as one of the most exciting young talents in world football. Here are 13 fun facts about Joao Felix you need to know...!


Karim Benzema completes seven-minute hat-trick in style with overhead kick as Real Madrid dominate Real Valladolid

Karim Benzema completed a hat-trick withing seven minutes as Real Madrid ran riot against Real Valladolid on Sunday.

 After Rodrygo gave the home team the lead in the first half, Benzema netted his first goal 29 minutes into the tie. He then added another three minutes later before striking for a third time in the 36th minute. OH. MY. WORD. 😱 An outstanding acrobatic finish by Karim Benzema for his hattrick 👏⚪    The France star's treble is the first hat-trick he has ever scored in the first half of a game for Madrid.  After Sunday's match, Madrid will take on Barcelona in the Copa del Rey on Wednesday at the Camp Nou. Los Blancos trail 1-0 from the first leg of the semi-final.


Where does benched Joao Cancelo fit into Thomas Tuchel’s plans? Bayern Munich loan star gets game time assurance

Joao Cancelo began the Thomas Tuchel era at Bayern Munich on the bench, but he has been offered assurances over game time under a new coach.

The versatile Portugal international   during the January transfer window. That deal includes a purchase option, but Cancelo quickly   while working under Julian Nagelsmann. A   has now been made by Bayern, but the 28-year-old saw Benjamin Pavard and Alphonso Davies picked ahead of him in right and left-back berths for a convincing 4-2 victory over fellow Bundesliga title hopefuls Borussia Dortmund. Cancelo did replace Davies for the final 11 minutes of that contest, with Bayern director Hasan Salihamidzic telling   afterwards when asked about where a notable winter addition figures in the plans of a newly-appointed boss: “The coach made that decision today but Joao is a top player that we need. For sure Cancelo will get his games.” Cancelo has started four Bundesliga games for Bayern, but he has been unable to nail down one specific role and continues to see questions asked of whether he will be allowed to return to England once a short-term loan agreement comes to a close at the end of the 2022-23 campaign. Cancelo is still tied to a contract at City through to 2027, having previously helped them to two Premier League titles, but it remains to be seen where his long-term future will lie as he attempts to convince ex-Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain boss Tuchel of his worth.


Will Mohamed Salah & Virgil van Dijk consider transfers without Champions League football at Liverpool? Robbie Fowler airs top-four failure fear

Failure to qualify for the Champions League could see Mohamed Salah and Virgil van Dijk consider moves away from Liverpool, says Robbie Fowler.

The Reds have endured a frustrating 2022-23 campaign, with struggles for consistency set to see them  . There is also a very real threat that the Merseyside giants could find themselves  , with Fowler conceding that experienced stars may be left with little choice but to mull over their options if elite European competition proves to be out of reach for Jurgen Klopp’s side. Legendary former Reds striker Fowler has told  : “I don’t think I’m being dramatic if I say that should Liverpool fail to qualify for the Champions League next season, then it will damage the club, both in terms of finances, and in terms of the players who may leave. I wouldn’t be entirely surprised if the likes of Salah and van Dijk thought they need to be playing in the elite European competition at their age, and can’t waste a single season out of it. I’m not saying they’d want to go, but it will be a question they may ask themselves. “But even more worrying, is the fact that losing out on Champions League money could seriously damage their ability to compete in the summer transfer market. Can you say hand on heart that, say, Jude Bellingham and Mason Mount would want to miss out on the Champions League. And with the likes of City and Real Madrid also in for those players, it ties Liverpool’s gloves behind their back, in what is already a pretty unfair financial fight.” Salah is tied to a contract at Anfield through to 2025, with Dutch defender Van Dijk working on terms intended to keep him in his current surroundings until the same summer as his Egyptian team-mate.  of late, although exit rumours have been rubbished, while Van Dijk is considered to have   in what has been a testing campaign for all concerned on the red half of Merseyside.


Almost as good as Gabriel Slonina! Chicago Fire's Chris Brady makes history with clean sheet against D.C. United

On Saturday evening, Chris Brady became the second youngest player to keep a clean sheet in Major League Soccer just behind Gabriel Slonina.

 During their match against DC United, Chicago Fire managed to record a clean sheet which ensured their keeper, Chris Brady, became the second youngest stopper to pick up a shut-out in MLS history, aged 19 years and 29 days. The first remains Gabriel Slonina, who also achieved the feat with Chicago Fire.  Brady will be hoping that he can continue to follow in Slonina's footsteps after having impressed against DC United. Slonina currently plays with Chelsea after completing a permanent transfer to the Premier League side in August 2022. With his shutout tonight, the  ’s Chris Brady (19 years, 29 days) became the second-youngest goalkeeper in   history to produce a clean sheet, behind only Gabriel Slonina (17 years, 137 days).   Chris Brady and Chicago Fire travel to Minnesota United next in Major League Soccer.


Real Madrid player ratings: Karim Benzema bags three, Vinicius Jr sets up two as Real Madrid smash SIX past Real Valladolid ahead of Copa Clasico

A rampant Real Madrid side put six past Valladolid in a promising warm-up for their Copa del Rey contest with Barcelona midweek

Three goals in seven first-half minutes from Karim Benzema broke open a tight contest as Real Madrid cruised to a 6-0 victory over Valladolid.  Rodrygo opened the scoring after a dour start. Marco Asensio created it, dribbling through the centre of the pitch and slipping the Brazilian through — who drove his finish into the far corner.  Benzema made it two five minutes later, nodding Vinicius Jr's angled cross home from short range. He  , with a fine curler and acrobatic flick, rounding out a devastating first-half showing. Asensio and Lucas Vazquez added two more in the second, turning a rout into a thrashing. This win will likely be of little consequence in La Liga; Los Blancos trail Barcelona by 12 points in the league. But with the two sides due to meet in a Copa del Rey semi-final on Wednesday, it might just have been the perfect warm-up.  rates Real Madrid's players from Santiago Bernabeu...


Mexico open door for sensational Chicharito return! New El Tri manager says banished Javier Hernandez could come back if fit

Javier "Chicharito" Hernandez hasn't played for Mexico since 2019 but could be welcomed back by Diego Cocca this year.

Chicharito's   meant he was never in serious contention for the 2022 World Cup, but the 34-year-old could make a dramatic return to his national team this month when El Tri face the United States in a friendly. Cocca suggested fitness is the obstacle that would keep him out of action - not relationships in the federation. "I have to evaluate the player not only by his characteristics, but also by the moment he is going through," Cocca told reporters on Tuesday. "Today I can have a list and I have to wait until the weekend to see how the players finish, logically I have communication with many of them and that is what I want, I want to listen to him and know how he is, if he is injured, I do it with him and with everyone and we will see what is the best decision." Chicharito, still playing for the LA Galaxy, hasn't suited up yet for his club this term due to hamstring problem. But he's participated in training recently and may be ready for game action soon. In addition to his potential Mexico responsibilities, the former Manchester United star must make an impact with the Galaxy, who have gone five games without a win to start the 2023 season.


Neymar, Mbappe, and the 20 highest-paid football players in Ligue 1

L'Equipe's release of the best paid players in Ligue 1 emphasises just how much spending power Paris Saint-Germain have

There are some bloated salaries in Ligue 1. With massive investment from the Qatar Sports Investment fund into PSG, as well as other wealthy owners at Monaco and Rennes, the French top flight has plenty of cash to throw around.  That was all quantified recently by   list of the highest-paid players in the league. As expected, some of the numbers are staggering. And although Ligue 1 is still dominated by the spending power of one club, various teams have their names among the top 20 earners in the division. Unsurprisingly, Kylian Mbappe, Neymar and Lionel Messi lead the way, while PSG have a firm hold on the top 10. But the likes of Alexis Sanchez, Wissam Ben Yedder and Alexandre Lacazette are also in the mix.  takes a look at the highest earners in Ligue 1 by gross pay per annum below...


Frank Lampard as permanent Chelsea manager? Guus Hiddink advises Blues to keep caretaker coach

Former Chelsea manager Guus Hiddink believes the Blues should be considering turning Frank Lampard’s caretaker role into a permanent agreement.

The Premier League giants have   at Stamford Bridge on an interim basis after taking the decision to part company with Graham Potter. Lampard has answered an SOS call and agreed to see things through to the end of the 2022-23 campaign. He is back in west London a little over two years after seeing his own managerial stint brought to a close, but Hiddink feels he could be the best man to take the club forward – with the likes of Julian Nagelsmann and Luis Enrique boasting no  . Hiddink, who has taken in two spells at Chelsea caretaker – leading them to FA Cup glory in 2009 – has told   of Lampard’s return to the Bridge: “Honestly, I would like him to be considered not just as an interim coach. But also to be given the confidence to continue with the project next season. He knows the club like nobody else and it’s important to give continuity to things. Like anyone, Lampard is going to need time. Chelsea have invested a lot of money but now need to adapt to an idea. I’m very fond of him, I hope he will get Chelsea out of this predicament and get them back to where they deserve to be.” Lampard took in 84 games in charge of Chelsea between the summer of 2019 and January 2021, winning 44 of those fixtures before agreeing to walk away as the reins were passed to Thomas Tuchel – who would go on to deliver a Champions League triumph for the Blues after less than six months in charge. Amid talk of fellow former bosses   for returns to London,  take Chelsea’s expensively-assembled squad to Wolves on Saturday for his first game back at the helm.


Serie A top scorers 2022-23: Arnautovic, Osimhen, Vlahovic, Kvaratskhelia & the race for the Golden Boot

GOAL brings you all this season's leading marksmen from Italy's top division - who will come out on top?

Who is Serie A's top marksman? Which of the many prolific goalscorers will win the coveted   award in the 2022-23 season?  Lazio's Ciro Immobile continues his goalscoring domination in the league and is now in a head-on battle with youngsters like Milan's Rafael Leao, Juve's Dusan Vlahovic and Roma's Tammy Abraham, while Napoli's new signing Kvicha Kvaratskhelia has taken the league by storm. As the 2022-23 campaign rumbles on,   is on hand to monitor the exploits of the most prolific marksmen in Italy.


Oleksandr Zinchenko: Mikel Arteta is the ONLY manager I'd have left Man City for

Arsenal defender Oleksandr Zinchenko has explained why he was so keen to link up with Mikel Arteta at the Emirates Stadium. 

Zinchenko swapped   and has become a regular with the Gunners under Arteta. The Ukraine international has been full of praise for his manager, who he worked with previously at the Etihad, and explained why he wanted to play for him in north London. The impact he had and has right now for me is a lot. I said many times one day if I am going to leave City and stay in the Premier League it will be [for] only one manager, which is him," he told  .  "The way he sees football, his vision, his character, he is a winner. That is what I like the most from people. Obviously he knew me as a player and a person when he called me, I had a couple of conversations before I joined Arsenal. He told me what he wants to see from me, the club's vision, the club's plan and strategy. I liked everything of that and that is why I came." Arteta has guided Arsenal to the top of the Premier League table this season, eight points clear of former side City, although Pep Guardiola's side do have a game in hand. The Gunners's title credentials will be well and truly tested in April with games against Liverpool, City and Chelsea to come. Zinchenko and Arsenal take on Liverpool in the Premier League on Sunday at Anfield.


How many goals has Cristiano Ronaldo scored during his career? Al Nassr ace's insane stats in full

Ronaldo and goals go hand in hand, but just how many has the Portuguese star scored throughout his career?

Cristiano Ronaldo and goals are synonymous with one another and the Al Nassr attacker is the benchmark for every young forward who aspires to make it big.  Over the course of his 20-year career, the Portuguese has broken records wherever he played and he continues to do just that even at the age of 38. While Ronaldo will primarily be known for his stints at Real Madrid and Manchester United, he also shone when playing for Juventus and Sporting CP.  , giving spectators performances that may never be seen again.  But just how many goals has he scored?  Let's take a look.


Who is going to win the Women's Super League?! Winners and losers as Man City blow the title race wide open with victory over Chelsea

Just three points separate Man Utd, Man City, Chelsea and Arsenal at the top of the WSL table, with the relegation battle still extremely tight, too.

With the Merseyside derby on Friday night, the north London derby on Saturday afternoon and a clash of title rivals as Manchester City welcomed Chelsea on Sunday, this past weekend's programme of Women's Super League fixtures came with high expectations. Fortunately, it lived up to the billing. Everton and Liverpool played out a game with an entertaining finale at Goodison Park, eventually sharing the spoils; Arsenal strutted their stuff, putting five past Spurs in an emphatic win; and  . The latter result put the Citizens into second place, level on points with a Manchester United side that beat West Ham 4-0 on Saturday, with Chelsea dropping to third as Arsenal remain fourth. The Blues, one point off the pace, and the Gunners, three points behind, both have a game in hand. There was plenty going on at the other end of the table, too. Bottom club Leicester have seen their positive momentum halted recently and a 5-0 thrashing at the hands of an impressive Aston Villa didn't help, while Brighton blew a 2-0 lead at Reading in a clash between the two teams directly above the Foxes. So, who were the impressive performers over three entertaining days of football? And who should be concerned by the weekend's action?   takes a look...


How many goals has Romelu Lukaku scored for Belgium? The Red Devils star's full World Cup, Euro and international friendly record

The Inter striker is the highest goalscorer for his country as he continues to lead the line for Belgium

Romelu Lukaku is the greatest goalscorer Belgium have ever had.  The striker made his national team debut in 2010 against Croatia and his first international goals came as part of a brace against Russia in a friendly that very same year. Since then, Lukaku has consistently been among the goals for his country as their golden generation has - unsuccessfully - chased silverware. How many goals has the Inter star scored for Belgium, though, and in which competitions did he net the most often? Let's have a look at the prolific attacker's record at international level. Competition Games Goals World Cup 12 5 Euros  10 6 World Cup qualification 16 18 Euros qualification 17 10 UEFA Nations League 9 10 International friendlies 42 23 Edition Games Goals 2014 World Cup 4 1 2018 World Cup 6 4 2022 World Cup 2 0 Edition Games Goals Euro 2016 5 2 Euro 2020 5 4 Edition Goals 2014 World Cup qualifiers 2 2018 World Cup qualifiers 11 2022 World Cup qualifiers 5 Games Goals 42 23 Team Goals Russia 5 Scotland 4 Estonia 4 Russia 4 Iceland 4 Gibraltar 3 Luxembourg 3 Croatia 3 Republic of Ireland 2 Cyprus 2 Mexico 2 Costa Rica 2 Panama 2 Tunisia 2 Switzerland 2 San Marino 2 Denmark 2 Greece 2 *Data accurate as of September 23


Celtic’s Irish connection: Why Scottish club are associated with Ireland

The Glasgow club have a rich history that has a distinct Irish flavour to it - GOAL takes a look at the connection

 hold the distinction of being the first British club to win the European Cup and they are among Britain's best supported teams. However, while they are undoubtedly Scottish and British, the Glasgow outfit have a strong connection to Ireland and a unique affinity with Irish supporters. Where did it come from and how has their identity developed?   takes a look at Celtic's enduring association with Ireland. An Irish identity has been strongly imbued in the fabric of Celtic ever since the club's foundation in 1887. The club was established by an Irishman,  , whose goal was to help improve the conditions in which the Irish immigrant population in Glasgow lived. Walfrid, who was born Andrew Kerins in Ballymote Co. Sligo, chose the name Celtic  . A Celtic cross and later a four-leaf clover (note, not a shamrock) - symbols with a distinctly Irish flavour - have featured on the club's badge, while their colours, green and white, are also synonymous with Ireland. As well as being founded by an Irishman and leaving little doubt about what they represent in their kit iconography,  . While he played internationally for Scotland, Maley, who won 16 league titles and 14 Scottish Cups as Celtic boss, was born in Newry, County Down, a town in the north of Ireland. In 1892, in order to further reinforce the Irishness of Celtic,   at the newly constructed Celtic Park was one that had been  . It was planted along with a smattering of shamrocks by Irish republican leader Michael Davitt. The symbolism of this moment in the club's history was later invoked following the redevelopment of the stadium in 1995 when a piece of turf sourced from The Rosses area of Donegal was also laid. Irish players and managers have also helped to maintain the strong links between the club and Ireland. Martin O'Neill, Brendan Rodgers, Neil Lennon, Liam Brady and Sean Fallon all managed the team, while players such as Mick McCarthy, Paddy McCourt, Liam Miller, Robbie Keane and Roy Keane are held in high regard by fans for their efforts in a Celtic shirt. Celtic draw upon a deep well of support throughout the island of Ireland. The   (AICSC) lists   on its directory and there are plenty of unofficial groupings dotted throughout the island too. When Celtic played League of Ireland side Shamrock Rovers in a pre-season friendly in 2017 it was described as a "symbolic" game by then manager Brendan Rodgers. "Lots of our supporters come from Ireland and all around the world," Rodgers told the official club website ahead of the game in Dublin. "I think during pre-season it's always nice to take our players to the supporters and obviously going to Ireland is very symbolic for everyone involved at Celtic." Brian McGuirk, author of  , explained that Celtic is "more than a football club" for Irish people. "Celtic is a club that we Irish and our diaspora can proudly call our own," McGuirk said. "Celtic is our legacy, left to us by the courage and vision of Irish men like Brother Walfrid, John Glass and Pat Welsh. "Many of the ‘great men’ involved in Celtic’s formation were immigrants into Glasgow from their native Ireland, a country crippled by famine and political unrest. “We didn’t just happen to support Celtic; Celtic is a part of us. Celtic for us is so much more than a football club. Celtic is an institution, an identity and a celebration of being Irish or being of Ireland." The matter of supporting Celtic in Northern Ireland is somewhat complicated by the bloody socio-political conflict that gripped the region during the late 20th century, with the Old Firm derby providing convenient totemic institutions to which individuals could tether. Support for Celtic for many fans in Northern Ireland is an expression of their Irishness. Correspondingly, among some in the British community in Northern Ireland, support for Celtic's arch rivals Rangers has become an expression of their Britishness. Sympathy for the cause of Irish republicanism has long featured in the stands of Celtic Park - though not endorsed by the club - with fans occasionally getting into trouble for displaying contentious political banners. For example, a banner juxtaposing William Wallace with IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands, which appeared during a Champions League game against AC Milan in 2013,   from UEFA. The club was   for a similar banner showing a masked paramilitary figure, which was unveiled in a Champions League qualifier against Linfield. Interestingly, while they are known the world over as Scotland's Irish club, Celtic are not the only club from the country with an intrinsic Irish dimension. Indeed, Edinburgh outfit  , whose name is derived from the Latin name for Ireland (Hibernia), were established in 1875 - 12 years before Celtic - by Irish immigrants and, indeed, served as a source of inspiration for the Parkhead team. Like Celtic, Hibernian have Irish symbols in their badge (a harp) and play in green and white. Elsewhere, in the Scottish city Dundee, Irish immigrants sought to emulate Hibernian in 1909 by setting up a team called Dundee Hibernian - now known as  . However, the club's historic Irish connections are nowhere near as emphasised as Celtic's. It's not just football where Irishness is a core component of a team's identity. NBA team  , founded in 1946, embraced the profound sense of Irishness within the city of Boston in their name, logo (Lucky the Leprechaun), and colourway. Intercollegiate American Football team   in Indiana are known as the  . Like other teams to embrace the Irish identity they have a leprechaun mascot (previously Irish terrier dogs) and play in variations of blue, gold and green. It is unclear where the Irish connection stems from, but   from the influence of Irish politician Eamon De Valera to the fact that many players were from Irish families.


WATCH: Starring Ryan Reynolds! Ben Foster brings back matchday vlogs for Wrexham debut with help of a special guest

Wrexham 'keeper Ben Foster was joined by co-owner and Hollywood star Ryan Reynolds in the latest edition of his matchday vlogs.

 The former Manchester United and England goalkeeper announced last week he would be   to return to the club where he spent half a season on loan back in 2005. After kicking off his   he welcomed co-owner Reynolds to his latest   episode, who held his match-worn shirt. The  .  The result over York City on Saturday maintained the Red Dragons' three-point lead in the National League, as they aim to   and gain promotion at the end of the season. Reynolds and Co will hope this ascension up the football pyramid precedes their pre-season campaign in the United States, with a matchup against  .  Foster and his team-mates will continue their promotion charge 


USWNT phenom Alyssa Thompson 'will make a case' for World Cup spot but coach Vlatko Andonovski offers warning

USWNT head coach Vlatko Andonovski said 18-year-old Alyssa Thompson is still in contention for the Women's World Cup but also expressed concern.

Thompson is not in   despite scoring five minutes into her first NWSL game with Angel City on March 9 and continuing to drum up excitement as  . Andonovski explained his decision-making on Thompson during a conversation with reporters on Tuesday, claiming she was still in the running for a World Cup spot this summer but warning that he didn't want to tarnish her enjoyment of soccer. “If there’s a coach that believes in Alyssa Thompson, it would probably be me,” Andonovski said. “Not long ago when she was 17 years old, her first cap was against one of the best teams in the world in front of 80,000 people, and that was a decision that I made. So that speaks of how much I value Alyssa and how much I believe in her. “I think that she has a lot of potential and I do believe that she will make a case for a [World Cup] roster spot. Part of the reason why she was in those [fall] camps was that if it happens that she has a good season and earns a roster spot for the World Cup, that it’s not her first camp. She already has experience being in the environment, understands the dynamics in the environment. She has already played in big matches against good opponents, so the transition is not as hard for her.” In a warning about her status, though, the coach added: “I do want to point out one thing about Alyssa. At this point the most important thing is that she enjoys the game, that she enjoys her club environment because we don’t want to put too much pressure on her. She’s a young player, a talented player, a good player and all she needs to do is just to enjoy the game.” Thompson is part of a promising crop of talented young USWNT attackers. Trinity Rodman (20), Sophia Smith (22), Catarina Macario (23) and Mallory Swanson (24) are just a few of the players who will foster a fierce competition for starting spots along the team's front-line. Andonovski's squad will be in action on April 8 against the Republic of Ireland.


Two assists in NINE minutes for Kevin De Bruyne! Man City star on fire for Belgium ahead of huge Liverpool Premier League clash

Kevin De Bruyne was back doing what he does best as his two assists in nine minutes put Belgium 2-0 up against Germany on Tuesday.

 Domenico Tedesco's side set about blowing Germany away on home soil as Hansi Flick's men were left exposed on a number of occasions in the first half in Cologne. Belgium punished them twice, largely thanks to De Bruyne. First, he threaded in Yannick Carrasco in acres of space, who controlled and finished expertly past Marc-Andre ter Stegen within 6 minutes. Carrasco opens the scoring early for  ! ⚽️🇧🇪  Kevin De Bruyne ➡️ Romelu Lukaku 🔥 The Red Devils takes a 2-0 the lead! 🇧🇪   Then, three minutes on, and after just nine minutes of play, Germany were cut open again in a move that started from a Koen Casteels goal kick. A few flicks later and De Bruyne was on the ball, sliding a delicious pass through Flick's defence and Romelu Lukaku was on hand to finish with aplomb, making it four goals in less than 100 minutes for the Red Devils forward this international break. H Pep Guardiola would have enjoyed De Bruyne's performance as Manchester City have a huge Premier League clash with Liverpool this weekend. City currently trail leaders Arsenal by eight points and cannot afford any slip-ups if they are to secure a third successive title. 


WATCH: Scott McTominay can't stop scoring! Man Utd midfielder grabs FOURTH goal of international break to put Scotland on brink of historic Spain win

Scott McTominay is in the goalscoring form of his life, bringing his international break tally to four with another brace for Scotland on Tuesday.

McTominay converted a pull-back pass for his first strike Tuesday before he burst late into the box to slam a ricocheted ball past the goalkeeper in the 51st minute to double Scotland's advantage. He’s at it again 🙌 Scott McTominay with his third goal in two games to open the scoring against Spain.    He can’t stop scoring ⚽️⚽️ Scott McTominay doubles our lead against Spain 🙌   Scott McTominay puts Scotland in front in just the 7th minute! 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿😱  Scott McTominay brace! ⚽️⚽️ He can't stop scoring for Scotland with 4 goals in 2 matches! 😱🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿  McTominay is expected to be in contention to start for Manchester United when he returns from international duty, with   opening up a place for him. But who knows, maybe he'll get a trial as a No.9. It  ! The nation is enjoying a brilliant start to Euro 2024 qualification and the team will look to keep up the momentum when they face Norway on June 17.


Who is Belgium's leading all-time top goal scorer? Lukaku, Hazard and the Red Devils' greatest strikers

Belgium's greatest goal scorers features some top modern day stars.

Belgium have had many great players representing them internationally, with their so-called Golden Generation of the 2010s in particular making waves. There's far more to Belgium than their current generation of superstars, though. Sure, we all know of Kevin De Bruyne, Eden Hazard, Romelu Lukaku and Dries Mertens, but what about Marc Wilmots, Belgium's greatest goal-scorer at the World Cup? Or Or all-time greats such as Paul Van Himst and Jan Ceulemans? Or even Wesley Sonck, who scored against Spain in the 2010 World Cup qualifiers, thus ending Iker Casillas and Pepe Reina's 710 minute joint-undefeated streak. But who is Belgium's most lethal attacker ever? Let's take a look!


Spain player ratings vs Scotland: Full-backs Dani Carvajal & Pedro Porro FLOP as much-rotated La Roja are humbled by Scotland

Scott McTominay scored twice to lift Scotland past a lifeless Spain side at Hampden Park.

Errors from two full-backs marked a forgettable evening for a much-changed Spain team, as La Roja fell 2-0 to Scotland.  Pedro Porro made the first mistake, easily ceding the ball to an advancing Andy Robertson, who fed McTominay for a 1-0 Scotland lead inside 10 minutes.  La Roja did show some fight for the remainder of the first period, with Joselu rattling the bar and Porro forcing a diving stop out of Angus Gunn.  Then, a second error doomed the Spanish. Dani Carvajal was barged off the ball by a surging Kieran Tierney, whose angled cross deflected into the path of McTominay to hand the home side a 2-0 advantage — an unassailable deficit for Luis de la Fuente's side.   rates Spain's players from Hampden Park...


St. Louis City SC forward Nicholas Gioacchini says dream start to 2023 is something whole team will 'remember for the rest of their lives'

St Louis City SC have set several records so far and they look set on breaking a few more before the season is over.

 St. Louis defeated Real Salt Lake 4-0 away at the Rio Tinto Stadium in their fifth straight victory to start the campaign, a run that has only been matched three times before - and never in an expansion team's first five games. Gioacchini, who scored against Real Salt Lake, has been a major part of the success so far and is cherishing the feelings around the club.  “It's memorable," he told reporters. "It's something that I think every player will remember for the rest of their lives. It hasn't happened yet, five wins from an expansion team. Even five wins in a row in a league for teams that have been here for a while. It's not easy as you can see in past seasons.”    St. Louis City SC host Minnesota United, who have gone unbeaten thus far with two wins and two draws. They will be looking to become only the second team in MLS history (non-shootout) to win their first six games of the season.


Who is the leading all-time top goal scorer for Poland? Lewandowski and The Eagles' greatest strikers

Poland has been consistently producing some top goal scorers, but no one tops Robert Lewandowski

Poland have arguably produced some of the greatest footballers in history. We all know Robert Lewandowski, but what about Grzegorz Lato, Poland's hero at the 1974 World Cup, where they finished third! Or Zbigniew Boniek, who was selected by Pele as one of his 100 best footballers in 2004. Or Ernest Wilimowski, who became the first player ever to score four goals in a World Cup game when he achieved the feat against Brazil in 1938. So, who are Poland's most lethal attackers ever? Let's take a look!


‘Only Lionel Messi is above Bukayo Saka at the moment’ – Arsenal star boy obvious pick as Footballer of the Year, says Tony Adams

Only Lionel Messi sits above Bukayo Saka in the global pecking order, says Tony Adams, with the Arsenal star heading for Player of the Year honours.

The 21-year-old forward has been a revelation for the Gunners this season, posting a   across all competitions. Saka has also contributed 10 assists to the Gunners cause, as they sit top of the Premier League table, while also catching the eye for England at the 2022 World Cup. Legendary former Arsenal captain Adams believes Saka now  , telling  : “If there’s a better player in world football at the moment, someone who both scores and makes goals, the only one I can think of is Lionel Messi. Bukayo is absolutely on fire and the reason Arsenal are top of the table. Erling Haaland might be scoring hundreds of goals for Manchester City and Marcus Rashford is also having a phenomenal season for United. But Bukayo is, hands down, the Footballer of the Year because he was England’s best player at the World Cup and he’s been the best player for the team eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.” Arsenal are currently in the process of  , with his current deal due to expire in 2024, and Adams is eager to see paperwork put in place there. He added: “When Manchester City paid £100 million to sign Jack Grealish 18 months ago, I couldn’t believe that they didn’t even try to buy Bukayo Saka. Even now I’m gobsmacked that Arsenal have been able to hang on to a kid who is already one of the best talents in the world. Hopefully, they will soon get Bukayo tied down to a lengthy new contract so I can stop worrying. Like me, he’s a London-born Arsenal fan who graduated through the academy and has the club in his blood. But even though the Gunners hierarchy are pretty confident he’s never going to leave them, they should never take that loyalty for granted.” Saka has   in recent windows, but a Premier League title triumph in 2022-23 would be a useful bargaining chip for Arsenal as they seek to get a home-grown star to commit to them on a long-term basis.


Wayne Rooney backs Marcus Rashford to BREAK his Man Utd scoring record amid forward's resurgence under Erik ten Hag

Wayne Rooney has backed Marcus Rashford to break his Manchester United scoring record after his scintillating return to form under Erik ten Hag.

Rashford   and became the first Manchester United player since Rooney to score in seven straight Premier League games at Old Trafford after he bagged a brace against Leicester City. Although, Rashford, with 120 goals to his name for United in total,   of 253 goals for United, the current D.C. United manager believes the 25-year-old has all the attributes to set a new mark. “I think we’ve all known about Marcus, even before he was in the first team, coming through the academy. He’s a top player and he fell off a little bit over the last 18 months especially. And again, I think Ten Hag has come in and really simplified it for him,” the former United striker said to  "I’m not a player who sits on records and hopes no one breaks them. I hope he does it and the reasons why [with] him being a Manchester lad coming through the academy. I think it’s a great story and it means he’s been very successful with the club and been there a long time and scored a lot of goals if he does do it. So I hope he does. I think he certainly has the ability and the capabilities to be able to do it. I’m sure, or I hope, sometime in the next few years I’ll be able to pass that mantle onto him." Rashford had a disappointing individual campaign in 2021-22, scoring only five times in all competitions, but Ten Hag has managed to unlock his full potential this term. The United boss   at the start of the campaign, but praised the England international's mentality which has helped him reach a new level since returning from the World Cup break. Rashford   for their first two 2024 European Championship qualifiers after picking up a knock against Fulham, but is on course to return to action when United make a trip to St. James Park to take on Newcastle United on Saturday.


Cristiano Ronaldo 'got what he wanted' with Man Utd exit but will 'always be a club legend', says Wayne Rooney

Wayne Rooney admits Cristiano Ronaldo “got what he wanted” when forcing an exit at Manchester United, but says the Portuguese remains a club legend.

The five-time Ballon d’Or winner   after taking aim at several prominent figures from the club’s present and past in an explosive interview. Rooney concedes that the 38-year-old – who is now in Saudi Arabia with Al-Nassr –   with the all-time great leaving United with no choice but to rip up his contract and move in a different direction. Rooney, who is  , has told   of seeing Ronaldo manufacture a move away from Old Trafford: “I suppose he got what he wanted. For Manchester United, it was important to move on as quick as possible from that and really refocus on the group of players who were there and wanted to be there. And I think that’s where [Erik] ten Hag has done a really good job in refocusing the players and getting them in a position where they are, obviously, comfortably in the top four, and also winning the [Carabao] Cup.” There have been suggestions that Ronaldo has   with his antics during a second spell in England, but Rooney insists that his former team-mate remains an icon in Manchester. He added: “No, I think what he’s done for Manchester United is great. And he’s won Premier League titles, won the Champions League, scored many goals. So I think certainly for the fans and certainly for the players, his former team-mates who played with him from my time especially, we’ll never forget what he did for Manchester United. Because in my eyes, he’ll always be a club legend and it’s a shame the way it ended of course this time round. But I don’t think that takes anything away from his legacy at the club.” Ronaldo registered 118 goals for United during his first stint with the club – winning three Premier League titles and the Champions League – while he found the target on 27 occasions through 54 appearances after returning to Old Trafford from Juventus in 2021.


Thomas Partey to start? Arsenal team news and predicted XI vs Leeds United

The Gunners have some injury doubts ahead of their Premier League clash with Leeds United on Saturday

Arsenal host Leeds United on Saturday as they continue in their quest to  . The Gunners go into the weekend sitting eight points clear of Manchester City at the top, but Pep Guardiola’s side do have a game in hand. So victory is vital for Arsenal, as they look to maintain their momentum in the title race. Ahead of Saturday’s game,   takes a look at how things are shaping up in Mikel Arteta's squad.


USMNT Power Rankings: Who will make the 2026 World Cup squad?

With qualification already secure for the next global tournament, GOAL breaks down who is most likely to feature for the co-hosts

The U.S. men's national team's road to the 2026 World Cup effectively began the moment the final whistle blew at Khalifa International Stadium following   Players were asked about it in the moments after: What that road would look like, who would be a part of it, who would lead the charge. Much will change on that road, and predicting World Cup squads years in advance is almost impossible. Three years before the 2022 World Cup, for example, USMNT fans knew nothing of Yunus Musah. Matt Turner was barely a starter in 2019. Brenden Aaronson didn't even make his MLS debut until midway through that year. But here we are predicting that road. Given the youth of the 2022 World Cup team, it's safe to say we know some players who will be involved. Much of the team's young core isn't going anywhere, which is great news for whoever coaches the team this cycle. Some players, too, will likely age out, with veterans such as DeAndre Yedlin, Aaron Long and Sean Johnson unlikely to be involved all the way through the cycle, even if they are there for parts of it. Some World Cup veterans, players like Shaq Moore and Cristian Roldan, will still be in the mix, but face battles to stay involved due to young players coming up behind them. With all that said,   is going to spend the next three years tracking the top 50 players in the USMNT pool...


How many goals has Robert Lewandowski scored for Poland? Barcelona star's full World Cup, Euro, Nations League and international friendly record

The Barcelona striker is the highest goalscorer for Poland by quite a distance

Robert Lewandowski is Poland's greatest goalscorer in history and it seems unlikely he will be losing that record any time soon. The Barcelona striker has consistently been scoring since his debut against San Marino back in 2008. Lewandowski's most clinical performance for the national team came when he scored four goals against Gibraltar in 2014 in Poland's Euro 2016 qualifier. Having featured for his country in three European championships and one World Cup in his career, Lewandowski has scored against some of the greatest teams in Europe including Germany, Spain and Portugal. But, how many goals does he have for Poland across all competitions? Let's take a look. Competition Games Goals World Cup 7 2 World Cup qualification 37 30 Euros 11 5 Euros qualification 22 19 UEFA Nations League 12 3 International friendlies 51 19 Edition Games Goals 2018 World Cup 3 0 2022 World Cup Edition Games Goals Euro 2012 3 1 Euro 2016 5 1 Euro 2020 3 3 Edition Games Goals UEFA Nations League A 12 3 Edition Goals 2010 World Cup qualifiers 2 2014 World Cup qualifiers 3 2018 World Cup qualifiers 16 2022 World Cup qualifiers 9 Edition Goals Euro 2016 qualifiers 13 Euro 2020 qualifiers 6 Euro 2024 qualifiers 0 Games Goals 51 19 Team Goals Gibraltar 6 San Marino 6 Andorra 5 Romania 5 Armenia 4 Latvia 4 Denmark 3 Georgia 3 Lithuania 3 Montenegro 3 Sweden 3 Bosnia and Herzegovina 2 Germany 2 Iceland 2 Ivory Coast 2 Kazakhstan 2 Republic of Ireland 2 Scotland 2 Singapore 2 South Korea 2 *Data accurate as of March 28


Fulham's Aleksandar Mitrovic makes bizarre excuse for referee push: 'I was trying to get his attention'

Fulham forward Aleksandar Mitrovic offered an unusual excuse to his push on Chris Kavanagh which saw him sent off and later charged by the FA.

The Serbia international saw red in what was a minute of complete capitulation from Fulham, who were in control over Manchester United in their FA Cup quarter-final earlier this month. Mitrovic shoved Kavanagh after the referee sent off Willian for a clear handball which  . The forward was then duly dismissed alongside manager Marco Silva,    "On a personal level, I regret my actions that led to me being sent off. I allowed my frustration to get the better of me, and how I reacted was wrong," Mitrovic began. "I was trying to get the referee's attention," the statement continued, "but I appreciate that I should not have put my hands on him and I understand why he showed me a red card. I have accepted the three-match ban for my red card, I have spoken to Chris Kavanagh to apologise, and I have volunteered to accept a club fine." Silva - who was also charged for allegedly kicking a bottle in the direction of Kavanagh in the almost unprompted melee - also showed remorse, writing in his statement: "I should have controlled my own emotions better. I regret what happened, and I have spoken to Chris Kavanagh to apologise. He knows that I respect him and the job he has to do. "Unfortunately, we did not see eye-to-eye on the day, but I recognise that he is one of the top referees in this country and I know that when our paths cross again, there will be mutual respect between us. I am sorry that I was not on the pitch to try to lead the team to what could have been an historic FA Cup semi-final at Wembley." For Fulham,  , Silva and, to a lesser extent Willian, cost the club their first ever chance of a major trophy in a quarter-final in which they were dominating, right up to that minute of madness. The players will do their best to put that behind them, though, when they return to Premier League action away to Bournemouth on Saturday.


How many goals has Raul Jimenez scored for Mexico? El Tri star's full World Cup, Gold Cup, Copa America and international friendly record

The Wolves striker has been a great asset for Mexico at international level

Raul Jimenez has been a key part of Mexico's national team setup since 2013. The striker scored his first international goal against Canada in December that year and has since then become a mainstay for El Tri. Jimenez fractured his skull in late November 2020 in a rather scary moment in his career, but he returned to Mexico duty in October 2021 after regaining his fitness ahead of the World Cup in Qatar. How many goals has the Wolves star scored for his national team, though? And against which teams has he scored the most? Let's have a look at the striker's international record. Competition Games Goals World Cup 6 0 Copa America 6 2 World Cup qualification 26 7 Gold Cup 11 7 Confederations Cup 7 1 CONCACAF Nations League A 3 2 International friendlies 41 10 CONCACAF Cup 1 0 Edition Games Goals 2014 World Cup 1 0 2018 World Cup 2 0 Edition Games Goals Gold Cup 2013 5 2 Gold Cup 2019 6 5 Edition Games Goals Copa America 2015 3 2 Copa America Centenario 2016 3 0 Edition Goals 2014 World Cup qualifiers 2 2018 World Cup qualifiers 2 2022 World Cup qualifiers 3 Games Goals 40 10 Team Goals Panama 4 El Salvador 3 Belarus 2 New Zealand 2 Costa Rica 2 Cuba 2 Chile 2 *Data accurate as of November 27


How many goals has Jonathan David scored for Canada? Les Rouges star's full international goalscoring record

The Lille striker has been a standout performer for Canada in international games

Jonathan David is touted to be one of the greatest Canadian footballers to have played at the top level. Born in the United States to Haitian parents, David chose to play for the Canada national team after declining a call-up to the United States under-20 team. He made his first senior appearance for them in September 2018, scoring a brace on debut against US Virgin Islands. Since then, he has gone on to become the second-highest goalscorer for Canada. But, how many goals has the Lille star scored for his country and against whom did he perform the best? Let's have a look at the striker's international record! Edition Games Goals 2022 World Cup qualifiers 18 9 Edition Games Goals Gold Cup 2019 4 6 Team Goals Cuba 4 Suriname 3 U.S. Virgin Islands 2 Martinique 2 Honduras 2 El Salvador 2 *Data accurate as of September 27


Folarin Balogun only wants the USMNT! Arsenal loanee expected to choose America over England and Nigeria after trip to Orlando goes well

Folarin Balogun looks set to switch allegiances to the United States men's national team after spending the international break in Orlando.

The New York-born forward was listed in the Three Lions' Under-21 squad earlier this month before   While talk raged on over a potential allegiance switch to the Stars and Stripes - fueled by the   and interim   -   has since revealed that U.S. officials are now confident over landing Balogun following his trip to the states. He's reportedly given assurances of his decision after a pleasant trip to Orlando, near U.S. camp. The report suggests that the 21-year-old is ready to commit to the USMNT, meanwhile the  . The news will be well received among U.S. fans and players alike, as clamor for the in-form Reims loanee has grown exponentially in recent weeks, with   and   growing increasingly frequent. For Balogun, Southgate's snub for the similarly in-form Ivan Toney of Brentford in his latest senior Three Lions squad reflects not only the England manager's preference for Premier League players, but more generally the difficult path  . The USMNT, meanwhile,   and could turn to a striker who is second only behind Kylian Mbappe in Ligue 1 goals this season, with 17 already to his name. The report from   suggests that Balogun has not only made a decision on his international future, but will also hold talks with Gunners boss Mikel Arteta over the Spaniard's plans for his inclusion in his high-flying Arsenal side. Current employers Reims, meanwhile, are next in action against Nantes on Sunday.


Sensitive La Liga cracks down on referee criticism! Sergio Canales suspended four matches for questioning Mateu Lahoz's integrity amid Barcelona scandal

Real Betis midfielder Sergio Canales has been hit with a four-game suspension over comments he made against referee Mateu Lahoz six months ago.

Having not been sent off in his decade-long career, Canales was dismissed within 13 seconds in  . It was revealed that the first yellow - according to Lahoz - was for "making observations", while the second was made after Canales responded to the referee's remarks warning him not to talk any further. However, it is the comments after the match which have landed the Betis midfielder in hot water. The Spain international claimed the decision from Lahoz was "premeditated", having claimed to avoid the official all game despite being captain. Given the current environment surrounding  , Canales' remarks haven't gone unpunished, as the 32-year-old was handed a four-game ban by La Liga on Wednesday. As a result of the suspension, the Spaniard will therefire miss Betis' crucial games against Atletico, Cadiz, Espanyol and Osasuna, which is a serious blow to Manuel Pellegrini's side as they sit just three points off the Champions League places.


'I know what I can do' - Aurelien Tchouameni not worried about becoming Real Madrid transfer flop

Real Madrid midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni has insisted that he can get back to his best and does not fear failure at the Santiago Bernabeu.

 The defensive midfielder has endured a mixed season since making a €100 million (£85m/$107m) move from Monaco last summer. After establishing himself as a regular before the World Cup, he has seen his minutes slashed since his return from Qatar. And after losing his starting spot to Camavinga in the French national team, Tchouameni's form has been called into question.    The 23-year-old hasn't played 90 minutes since the World Cup final, and has started less than half of his possible fixtures since then. He fell out with Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti after   instead of watching his team while out injured.  Tchouameni has returned to Real Madrid training, where he will hope to be involved as Los Blancos take on Valladolid.


How many goals has Victor Osimhen scored during his career? Napoli hitman's stats in full

The Nigeria international is widely considered as one of the game's best young strikers, but just how many goals has he scored so far?

Indeed, his  the likes  Osimhen's game possesses the same certain brutality and devastation, with physical robustness to match his pace and presence. The power and poise of Drogba can be seen in Osimhen's style of play and he possesses a natural ability to find the back of the net, which is backed up by his prolific record.  But  Let's take a look.


Good news, Man Utd fans! Marcus Rashford rejects 'nonsense' reports about his contract situation

Marcus Rashford has hit out at claims that contract talks with Manchester United have hit a stumbling block, labelling such reports "nonsense".

The in-form forward sees his current deal expire next summer with   That had led to some reports that Rashford could be on his way out of the club, especially considering the  , although the England star took to   to refute such claims. Responding to a tweet from the Daily Star's chief sports writer  , which has since been deleted, Rashford wrote: " United's delay in offering a new contract is at least part understandable, given the uncertainty   and their reluctance to break their  and accept terms of over £300,000-a-week. Rashford, though, is likely to want assurances for the spell-binding season he is currently enjoying, with 27 goals scored in all competitions already this campaign.  following his   through injury, the in-form forward should be refreshed in time for United's Premier League return away at Newcastle on Sunday.


Manchester City vs Liverpool match preview: Team news, head-to-head, lineups, & predictions

GOAL previews the Premier League fixture between Manchester City and Liverpool, with team news, predictions, head to head record, key players.

 will travel to the Etihad Stadium to take on  The defending champions find themselves eight points behind league leaders Arsenal, with a match in hand, and cannot afford to slip up further to keep their title ambitions alive.  The two teams last met each other in the Carabao Cup where Pep Guardiola's troops earned a thrilling 3-2 victory over the Reds, courtesy of goals from Erling Haaland, Riyad Mahrez and Nathan Ake.  On the other hand, Liverpool find themselves in the sixth spot with 42 points from 26 matches. However, they have the opportunity to do the league double over the Sky Blues as they won the reverse fixture at Anfield after a 76th-minute goal by Mohamed Salah.  A win would cut down the deficit with fifth-placed Newcastle United to three points and if the Magpies falter to Manchester United a day later, then a European berth could well be within reach for Jurgen Klopp's men.  previews the Premier League fixture between Manchester City and Liverpool, with team news, predictions, head-to-head record, key battles and much more below.


Mikel Arteta key reason why Arsenal now lead Declan Rice transfer race - but Chelsea and Man Utd could provide competition

Arsenal are increasingly confident they will beat Manchester United and Chelsea to Declan Rice's signature this summer thanks to manager Mikel Arteta.

According to the  , Rice remains the Gunners' prime transfer target, with the club expected to back Arteta again in the coming window. Tactically, the West Ham midfielder would plug a crucial gap in Arsenal's midfield, either in a holding role or slightly further forward as a No.8. Beyond his footballing qualities, Arteta is thought to be a big admirer of the England star's work ethic and leadership qualities, while at 24 he also lines up with the club's current recruitment model. It is the player's opinion on Arteta that the   writes could be crucial. The Gunners' boss has a proven record of developing young players, most notably  . This,  has made Beyond Arteta, the project of the north London club is thought to line up with Rice's ambitions. Former club Chelsea, who are  , will likely be unable to offer him Champions League football, as they face a   including that of  . Manchester United meanwhile,  , while West Ham appear resigned to losing their captain and will reportedly try and ask for up to £150 million ($185m) for him. After  , the Hammers captain will lead his side out in their unwanted relegation battle, which gets back underway on Sunday at home to bottom club Southampton.


Chaos at Tottenham as Fabio Paratici's 30-month ban made GLOBAL by FIFA to leave new manager hunt in turmoil

Tottenham managing director Fabio Paratici has seen his 30-month ban extended worldwide at a time when Spurs are searching for a new manager.

 Paratici, who linked up with Spurs in 2021, was banned for 30 months in January after a long-running investigation that also saw   for financial irregularities. Paratici was one of a whole host of former and current Juventus executives to receive punishment after a hearing at the federal court of appeal. The ban initially applied only to Italian football but has now been extended worldwide, meaning Paratici may have to step down from his role at Tottenham. Paratici cannot currently conduct any transfer activity directly but will still be able to work internally at Tottenham, according to  . The extended ban comes at a time when Tottenham are searching for a replacement for   with the Italian. Cristian Stellini will take charge of the team for the rest of the season along with Ryan Mason. In light of the extended ban handed to their managing director on Wednesday, Tottenham stated they were "urgently seeking further clarification from FIFA" in a statement on the club's  , which read: "Following media reports today regarding the FIFA Disciplinary Committee decision to extend worldwide the sanction [...] on Fabio Paratici on 20 January 2023, the Club made urgent enquiries to FIFA. FIFA has late this afternoon responded to us in writing notifying us [...] that a decision has been made by the FIFA Disciplinary Committee to extend the FIGC sanction worldwide. "This committee deliberation has been taken with no advance notice to any of the parties involved. We are urgently seeking further clarification from FIFA as to the details of the extension and its variance from the FIGC sanction. We should like to make clear that when Fabio conducted the interview on Club channels yesterday neither he nor the Club had any indication of this decision being made by FIFA, based on the fact the FIGC sanction was taken on 20 January 2023 and remains subject to an Appeal on 19 April 2023." Paratici may have to wave goodbye to Tottenham after his ban was extended.  Tottenham are back in action for the first time since Conte's departure on Monday, April 3 against Everton at Goodison Park.


What a hit, Frida Maanum! Arsenal midfielder's rocket helps send Gunners past Bayern Munich and into the Women's Champions League semi-finals

A stunning goal from Frida Maanum set Arsenal on their way to a first Women's Champions League semi-final in 10 years, as they beat Bayern Munich 2-0.

The Gunners came into the second leg trailing on aggregate,  , but they quickly turned that around. Coming out of the blocks fast, Maanum broke the deadlock with 19 minutes on the clock at the Emirates with a thunderous hit that flew into the top corner. Only seven minutes later, they led in the tie. Katie McCabe stood up a cross perfectly for Stina Blackstenius, with Arsenal's centre-forward heading home emphatically. It could've been even more if it wasn't for Mala Grohs, the Bayern goalkeeper, having an outstanding game and making a number of excellent saves. WHAT A STUNNER BY FRIDA MAANUM TO LEVEL THE TIE UP FOR ARSENAL!!! WATCH   LIVE NOW ⬇️ 🇬🇧    🇩🇪    When Arsenal captain Kim Little had to be substituted due to injury with just 12 minutes on the clock, the home fans could be forgiven for being a little pessimistic. However,   took the armband and the Scot's place in midfield and was excellent, even teeing up Maanum's strike with a gorgeous flick. A perfect birthday performance! Bayern coach   watched his team dominate and beat Bundesliga leaders Wolfsburg just four days before this match in a result that took them top of the league. But his team's performance in this game was worlds apart from that and it must've been incredibly frustrating for him to watch, knowing how good they can be. Arsenal will face either Wolfsburg or Paris Saint-Germain in the last four,  . The pair play the second leg in Germany on Thursday night. Bayern, meanwhile, turn their focus back to domestic matters as they look to win the Bundesliga title and the DFB Pokal. ⭐


'I would like to go to England' - Tottenham-linked Luis Enrique admits he would take a Premier League job

Luis Enrique said he's looking for Premier League job, seeming to squash Paris Saint-Germain's hopes of hiring the former Barcelona boss.

 The Spaniard was let go by Spain following La Roja's round of 16 World Cup exit, and has been out of a job since then. And although Enrique revealed he has fielded offers for various national team positions, he is waiting for an opportunity to lead a Premier League side.   , Enrique asserted he is waiting for an English team for his next managerial post: "I would like to go to England to work. But I don't see myself in the Premier in July, because I would like to go to a team there that can do important things and that is very difficult. I would not go to any Premier team." Enrique also admitted that he has been reading English tabloids before a potential move: "Since the World Cup ended, I haven't read the Spanish press, I haven't seen social networks, I only read the English press. You can't pretend or like everyone or control what they say about you. The important thing is to be calm and enjoy the things you like." The former Barcelona manager is one of a handful of candidates for the Tottenham job after they  . The north London club have elected not to hire a new manager until the end of the year.  Enrique will bide his time until a new managerial role crops up. And with the Spurs gig open, he certainly seems to be in the mix.


Oh, Canada? Cyle Larin calls nation CONCACAF's 'big boys' despite USMNT & Mexico having better track records

Canada forward Cyle Larin called his nation the "big boys" of CONCACAF in a sly dig at Mexico and the United States men's national team.

The on-loan Real Valladolid striker scored a brace as Canada downed Honduras 4-1 on Tuesday night to make it two wins from their opening two Nations League matches. Despite their opponents currently placing 81st in the   - some 28 worse off than Canada - Larin said the dominant victory meant his side were now the force to be reckoned with in the confederation. "It's fun playing with these guys, I enjoy it," the 27-year-old told   after the match. "I went to Spain and they welcomed me very well, I'm enjoying it there and scoring goals there. I have to keep working hard to do that, and that translates to the national team. I know the last few times we played Honduras we tied here, and then we lost away, so it was important to win this game and show that we're at a different level to these guys. I mean, we're the big boys, if we're going to go and play against the guys and do what we did in qualifying." Tuesday's brace took Larin's tally up to 25 goals in 57 appearances for Canada. Both he and Jonathan David have helped build a formidable partnership which saw the Canucks qualify for only their second-ever World Cup in Qatar, only to crash out bottom of Group F on zero points.  But the on-loan Valladolid forward will hope those comments don't come to haunt him when the three CONCACAF "big boys" co-host the 2026 tournament. Canada certainly is on the upswing, however the USMNT and Mexico have better historical records in major competitions and boast better FIFA rankings (13th and ninth, respectively), while  . The Canada forward will return to Spain for Valladolid's next match in La Liga, which comes against second-placed Real Madrid on Sunday.


'Lionel Messi told me I made good saves!' - Curacao goalkeeper explains 'meaningful' interaction with Argentina legend

Curacao goalkeeper Eloy Room was all smiles despite letting in seven goals against Argentina, as he received a glowing review from Lionel Messi.

The Albiceleste captain  , as Argentina won 7-0 in Tuesday's friendly over minnows Curacao. Room, who let in seven but went on to make another nine saves, swapped shirts with Messi after the game, and he revealed to  what the World Cup winner said to him. "[I have] Messi's jersey, it's very special. [It's] a dream come true, everybody's a fan of Messi and now I've played against him," Room said post-match. "It was a tough game, he scored some goals against me, but I also saved some good shots from him. After the game he told me that too, that I made [some] good saves, that means a lot to me. I need those saves for YouTube!" While Room did well to keep the scores to just seven, Messi was once again the star of the show with an assist to go  . Argentina continues to be a safe haven away the noise surrounding his future in the French capital, with a   the most recent offer the forward reportedly has on the table. But the 35-year-old will return to Paris as club football resumes this weekend, with PSG up against Lyon at home in their first Ligue 1 game back on Sunday.


Gavi officially loses first-team status at Barcelona along with No.6 shirt - with Bayern Munich eyeing summer transfer

Gavi has officially been stripped of first-team status at Barcelona, amid a contract registration row, and is also having to give up his No.6 shirt.

 The 18-year-old midfielder inherited the iconic squad number – one previously worn by current Blaugrana coach Xavi – having  . La Liga are, however,   as Barca continue to struggle financially. The Catalan giants are over budget for 2022-23 and, as a result, La Masia graduate Gavi will have to remain in Juvenil A records of the club for now – with La Liga confirming as much when updating Barcelona’s squad list on their  .  Barcelona are confident that they can free up space in their wage bill to   – amid talk of interest being shown in the youngster from the likes of Bayern Munich – with the Blaugrana having also agreed new contracts with Ronald Araujo, Marcos Alonso and Sergi Roberto this season, while also being linked with a stunning   as a free agent once his deal at Paris Saint-Germain expires.


From missing out on Jude Bellingham to selling Mo Salah: The potentially COLOSSAL cost of Liverpool failing to finish in the top four

The Reds are in real danger of failing to qualify for next season's Champions League, which would represent a hammer blow to their finances

It's top-four or bust for Liverpool this season, then. Having played for everything last term, the Reds find themselves scrapping for the bare minimum this time around. They were out of the title race by October, and by the end of January they had been eliminated from both the Carabao Cup and FA Cup.  but of even greater concern now will be the fear that Jurgen Klopp's side could miss out on qualification for next season's competition. That looks a real possibility, with Liverpool currently seven points behind fourth-placed Tottenham – albeit with two games in hand – and facing trips to Manchester City and Chelsea, as well as a home clash with league leaders Arsenal, in their next three matches.  and certainly by April 9 we should know whether Liverpool have any chance at all of taking their place among Europe's elite next season. if they don't, then there could be dire consequences, on more than one front. Here,   takes a look at the worrying situation facing Klopp and his team...


From KFC to Serie A: Udinese star Beto now dreaming of playing for Portugal alongside Cristiano Ronaldo after remarkable rise

In an interview with GOAL, the striker reveals he never lost hope despite ending up working in a fast-food restaurant after being released by Benfica

Beto always believed he would become a professional footballer. Even when he was 18 years of age and playing for amateur outfit Uniao Tires in the fifth tier of Portuguese football, while also working in a KFC outlet, he was so convinced he would make it that he was willing to back himself – literally. "I had a positive mentality," the Udinese striker tells  . "I thought, 'I'm tall, I'm strong, I'm fast   and you can't train these things.' If you're slow, you'll always be slow. "So, I thought, 'I have these skills – the techniques and the intelligence of the game, these things I can learn and improve.' So, from there, with this self-confidence, I started to develop. "I even told my team-mates, 'I will become a footballer', and I am proud of this fact. In my opinion, if you don't believe in yourself, nobody else will. "So, one day, when my team-mates and I were warming up, they were teasing me about this and they said, 'Okay, let's make a bet, then: in five years you will be a professional?' "I said, 'Okay, fine.' "And I did it – and after only four years!'"


Real Madrid considering transfer raid on Chelsea for Reece James AND Kai Havertz

Real Madrid are reportedly considering a double transfer swoop on Chelsea this summer for highly-rated full-back Reece James and forward Kai Havertz.

The Liga giants are in the process of piecing together recruitment plans for 2023-24, with  . The Blancos are, however, also eager to bring in competition for Dani Carvajal at right-back and another creative playmaker. England international James tops their list of defensive targets – alongside the likes of Joao Cancelo and Juan Foyth – with Real having been able to force Chelsea into deals during previous windows after putting enticing offers on the table for Eden Hazard and Thibaut Courtois. Real are also said to have retained their interest in   – who was on their radar when he left Bayer Leverkusen for west London in 2020 – with the 23-year-old another potentially long-term addition for the current holders of La Liga and Champions League crowns.


Cristiano Ronaldo asked to REPLACE Harry Maguire as Man Utd captain

Cristiano Ronaldo reportedly asked to replace Harry Maguire as Manchester United captain last season.

The Portuguese ended up  , after he criticised the club's hierarchy and manager Erik ten Hag in a television interview with Piers Morgan. Ronaldo also questioned the credentials of Ralf Rangnick, who took in a spell as United's interim boss before Ten Hag's arrival last summer. According to  , Ronaldo asked Rangnick to give him the captain's armband ahead of Maguire in the second half of the 2021-22 season, but the German coach refused to bow to his wishes.  since joining United from Leicester City in a record-breaking £80 million deal in 2019. He was made captain by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer six months after making his debut, but has struggled to cope with the demands of the role. He was also advised to stay off social media after being ridiculed for posting apology messages during the club's poor run last season. Although Ten Hag continues to keep Maguire as club captain,   in the squad pecking order. The United boss prefers to pair a right-footed defender with a left-footed one in the heart of his defence, with summer signing Lisandro Martinez slotting in alongside Varane. The   report adds that the United coaching staff have concerns over Maguire's tendency to rush out of his position to win tackles and his lack of ability to cover ground. They are pleased with his skills on the ball, though, and he will retain the armband until at least the end of the season. The centre-back will be hoping that Ten Hag will give him an opportunity to feature against Newcastle United on Saturday. Ronaldo, meanwhile, will be back in action with Al-Nassr on Tuesday against Al-Adalah in the Saudi Pro League.


Lionel Messi told to STAY at PSG to boost 2026 World Cup chances by Argentina legend Mario Kempes

Lionel Messi has been advised by Argentina legend Mario Kempes to remain at Paris Saint-Germain, as talk of a return to Barcelona rumbles on.

The seven-time Ballon d’Or winner continues to run down his contract at Parc des Princes, with free agency set to be hit this summer if no fresh terms are agreed.  , and 1978 World Cup winner Kempes – who saw Messi emulate those efforts when capturing a global crown at Qatar 2022 – believes remaining in France would leave the all-time great better prepared for another World Cup bid in 2026. Kempes has told  , with Messi competing for domestic and Champions League prizes with PSG: “If he wants to play in the next World Cup, he will stay very well in France. For the Champions League, it is costing him a bit. At PSG, in three years, he will be perfect. We will also see him in the qualifiers. Little by little, we will see Messi’s physical rhythm. There is one thing in which Messi beats everyone: he runs when he has to run. It’s not that he runs to vice. No. If he continues with this winning mentality, it will be like that. He will not arrive like now in 2022, but with his left foot he has one hand and can put it anywhere.” While Messi is being advised to sign a new deal in Paris, questions continue to be asked of how committed he is to the PSG cause. With that in mind, there have been suggestions that he   – if Barca can find the funds required to do a deal – or take on a new challenge in MLS or the Middle East. Messi has, having initially hinted at international retirement after the 2022 World Cup, stated that he will be prolonging his   through to another global gathering in 


Richarlison & Cristian Romero threatened to LEAVE Tottenham if Antonio Conte remained in charge

Richarlison and Cristian Romero both reportedly threatened to leave Tottenham if Antonio Conte remained in charge.

Conte was dismissed by Spurs following a wild   after the team blew a two-goal lead to draw 3-3 at Southampton on March 18. The Italian manager called the players "selfish" and said they didn't want to play "under pressure", with Spurs subsequently deciding to make a change in the dugout to try and salvage a top-four Premier League finish. Argentine journalist   has now claimed on   that Romero and Richarlison both gave Spurs officials an ultimatum before Conte's exit. The duo said they would consider leaving the club if Conte's services were retained, but the outlook has now changed with Cristian Stellini stepping into the dugout until the end of the season.  after he was benched for the second leg of Spurs' round of 16 Champions League clash with AC Milan while reflecting on his "sh*t" first season in north London. He and Romero were reportedly among a number of players in the dressing room to question Conte's methods as the 53-year-old lost control of the dressing room. Conte's post-Southampton comments only alienated his players further,  Stellini will be in the dugout when Spurs get back to action after the international break, with a crucial clash against Everton up next on Monday.


Where to watch & live stream England Euro 2024 qualifying games

Everything you need to know about where to watch and stream England's Euro 2024 qualifying games live on TV & online.

 began their     in March 2023. The Three Lions went close to securing gold at Euro 2020 and will be keen to book their place in the tournament in Germany. A new generation of stars are coming through for Gareth Southgate, including Jude Bellingham and Bukayo Saka, so hopes are high for English fans. Here is everything you need to know about where and how you can watch England games from the comfort of your couch. All England matches in the Euro 2024 qualifying round will be broadcast on   and can be streamed on   in the  . In the  ., England's matches can be watched on   and can be streamed on  and  . You can see a list of the upcoming England games to watch in the table above.


Barcelona loanee Sergino Dest wanted by West Ham and Crystal Palace with USMNT star set to leave Camp Nou this summer

United States international full-back Sergio Dest is reportedly set to leave Barcelona this summer, with interest being shown from the Premier League.

 The 22-year-old right-back moved to Camp Nou from Ajax in 2020, but he has found the going tough in Catalunya and has taken in just 72 appearances for the Liga giants. After  , Dest was allowed to  . Things have not gone much better for him in Italy, despite  , and the expectation is that he will be on the move again when another transfer window swings open.   believes that will be the case, with Dest’s asking price having dropped to around the €12 million (£11m/$13m) mark. There are also suggestions that a number of clubs in Spain have asked about the possibility of taking Dest on loan for 2023-24, but Barca need to free up funds from sales this summer and a permanent switch elsewhere is considered to be the most likely option.


WATCH: ‘Oh f*ck’ – PSG superstar Neymar loses €1 million playing online poker

Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar apparently lost €1 million playing online poker on Thursday, with the Brazilian left fake crying on a live stream.

 The 31-year-old forward is currently  , with no game time seen for club or country since February 19. Neymar is looking to keep himself busy off the field and has  . His latest card trick proved to be a forgettable one, though, as he lost a seven-figure sum – leading to him being left saying “oh f*ck” as the Titanic theme music was ironically played over him in the background. ♠️ Neymar pierde un millón de euros al póker y reacciona así... 😩 📻     Neymar did pretend to cry after taking a big financial hit, but there was also a smile on his face as fellow players mocked him by pointing out that he'd gone “from a million to zero in 60 minutes”. Neymar joked that he was going to “put this on YouTube”, with a man   able to shrug off his moment of misfortune.  It is also reported that Neymar – on what proved to be a testing night for him – saw his Twitter account hacked on Thursday evening, while it remains to be seen when he will return to action for a PSG side that has suffered another early exit from the Champions League in his absence.


If you were Daniel Levy, who would you pick to replace Antonio Conte as Tottenham manager?

Spurs are looking for a new permanent manager after their decision to sack Antonio Conte - let us know who you think is the right man to take over

 are on the lookout for a new permanent manager after deciding to  .   is being   after his  , while  , who is also out of work, remains a fan favourite. So if you were Daniel Levy, who would you turn to take charge? Vote in our poll and let us know in the comments! 👇


Thomas Tuchel will make Bayern 'stable' again after Julian Nagelsmann caused 'too much trouble' - Lothar Matthaus

Julian Nagelsmann caused "too much trouble" at Bayern Munich, according to Lothar Matthaus, who says new boss Thomas Tuchel will make them "stable".

The German giants  and brought in Tuchel as his replacement,  penning a contract through to 2025. Nagelsmann was axed despite guiding Bayern through to the Champions League quarter-finals with a perfect record and into the latter stages of the DFB-Pokal, with another Bundesliga title also still within their reach. Bayern lost top spot in the division to Borussia Dortmund after a defeat to Bayer Leverkusen before the international break,  . It has since been reported that some players were glad to see the back of Nagelsmann,  , with the dressing room divided towards the end of his tenure. Matthaus is glad that Tuchel has been brought in to steady the ship and has suggested that everything was far too up and down under Nagelsmann. "I assume that the team under Tuchel will be more stable again and that there will not be so many fluctuations in performance. Many games under Julian Nagelsmann were not Bayern-like, the fluctuations were too great. There was too much trouble," The Germany and Bayern legend said in an interview with  Tuchel will come up against his former club Borussia Dortmund in a huge  clash to open his reign at Bayern Matthaus has backed Bayern to win the game despite  , insisting they are better set up to cope with the pressure of the occasion. "Bayern will win because they are nervous, which is rarely pleasant for the opponent. Experience in games like this, the home advantage and the winning mentality speak in their favour," he said. Bayern Munich will look to reclaim top spot in the Bundesliga when they host Borussia Dortmund on Saturday. Tuchel's men will take on Freiburg in a DFB-Pokal quarter-final tie three days later.


'You talk absolute sh*t!' - Matty Cash lashes out at former Poland international after 'show you care' Aston Villa return rant

Matty Cash lashed out at former Poland international Tomasz Hajto after the pundit criticised the full-back for returning to Aston Villa early.

Cash picked up an injury in the ninth minute of Poland's 2024 European Championship qualifier against the Czech Republic last week and had to be replaced by FC Augsburg's Robert Gumny in the right-back position. Although the extent of the injury is not clear at this stage, the 25-year-old chose to return to Aston Villa to continue his recovery. Hajto has come out to question Cash's commitment to the Poland national team, insisting that he should have tried to make himself available for their subsequent clash with Albania on Monday. The former Poland defender said in an appearance on  : "I would stay until Monday. I would like to heal at all costs and show the manager that I care. Say: ‘I’m sorry coach, but I’m ready and with Albania, I will be the best on the pitch’. And now we find out that he is packing up and leaving." Cash responded in a direct   to Hajto, which read: "You Talk absolute 💩 @TomekHajto7." Cash is one of the key players in Unai Emery's squad at Villa Park and has appeared in 23 Premier League matches this season, starting 18 of them. He has also won 12 caps for Poland to date, scoring once,   when his country played France in the 2022 World Cup group stage. Cash remains a doubt ahead of Villa's trip to Stamford Bridge to take on Chelsea on Saturday, and might be replaced by Ashley Young.


Wolfsburg Women vs PSG Women: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Wolfsburg against PSG in the Women's Champions League in the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news.

 have a one-goal advantage over   as the two teams head into the second leg of their   quarter-final at the Volkswagen Arena on Thursday. After Dominique Janssen converted from the spot in Paris, the Germans will be hoping to build on their aggregate lead to make the last four of the competition for a second straight season. In contrast, PSG can reach the semi-finals for the fourth consecutive time.  brings you details on how to watch the game on TV in the U.S., UK and India as well as how to stream live online.


‘Talk about anointing!’ - Folarin Balogun warned he is not a guaranteed starter for USMNT as Alexi Lalas joins allegiance debate

Folarin Balogun has been warned by Alexi Lalas that he will not be a guaranteed USMNT starter if he pledges allegiance to the land of his birth.

The highly-rated 21-year-old striker is currently caught up in  . Balogun was born in New York, but moved across the Atlantic at the age of two and has represented England’s U21 side on 13 occasions. He withdrew from the latest Young Lions squad, before heading to Orlando, and is now being tipped to commit his future to an American side that is already counting down the days until it fills a co-hosting role at the 2026 World Cup finals. Balogun would be a welcome addition to the USMNT ranks, but Lalas has told his   that the youngster should not expect to walk straight into the starting XI. He has said: “I mean, so talk about anointing, right? I mean, it's as if, basically, he has a starting position. He has, you know, the keys to the city and all the cities when it comes to America. No, I mean, just the decision, it becomes and hopefully it does because he is a good quality player, just the decision is great. But then you have to actually get into it. And we have seen players that just because their pedigree was good doesn't necessarily mean they come into the national team and they live up to it. “I hope that he does, because that is a position of need. But don't think for a second that others aren't going to challenge him, even with less pedigree or less experienced going forwards. It's a good thing, but I guess we'll cross that bridge when we get into it. But it looks good for now, and we've wooed him to the extent that we can or even should and you know now we'll see if all that wooing pays off with him blessing us with his presence going forward.'” Balogun  , but he has been starring on loan at Ligue 1 side Reims this season – with 18 goals recorded for them through 29 appearances in all competitions.  in a bid to keep him on their side, with senior coach Gareth Southgate and U21 boss Lee Carsley both being asked about the promising frontman, but the   that they have done enough to lure a hot prospect back to his homeland.


Ansu Fati's father is right: Barcelona's 'new Lionel Messi' needs to quit Camp Nou

The forward's love for the club is obvious but a parting of the ways would be best for everyone involved at this stage.

The circumstances in which Bori Fati could have ended his son's Barcelona career were quite extraordinary. Bori, Ansu's father and agent,  , to air out a number of grievances about his son's situation at Barcelona. He complained about Ansu's lack of playing time, he railed against bigger roles handed to other players. And, perhaps most importantly, Bori called on his son to leave the club he joined as a teenager.  and may release a statement of his own, reaffirming his love for Barca. But the damage may already be done. At the very least, it's another negative development in what should have been a momentous career from a footballer who is still growing. Indeed, at a time when he should be looking forward to starting against Elche on Saturday, with Raphinha suspended and Ousmane Dembele injured, he is instead dealing with a furore over his future. It's quite the fall from grace. Just two years ago, remember, Fati was hailed as Barcelona's 'new Lionel Messi' and even handed the No.10 shirt. Now, he can't even nail down a starting spot. He isn't the first teenager to be boxed into the Argentine's influence at Barcelona. Indeed, a string of young talents have been dubbed the second coming of the club legend. Still, Fati was supposed to be the one that panned out. He was never going to reach Messi's talent, influence or production – no one can. But he appeared, at the very least, to be trending in the right direction. And now, Fati might slip into a familiar Barcelona trap, another failure in a handful of promising attacking players to see their careers flatlined by expectation. It might be time for the immensely talented 20-year-old to get out of Camp Nou before that can happen.


Will Lionel Messi leave PSG amid Barcelona return talk? Argentina boss Lionel Scaloni quizzed on transfer rumours

Lionel Messi continues to see a move away from Paris Saint-Germain speculated on, with Lionel Scaloni unable to shed any light on his future plans.

The Argentine superstar is  , meaning that free agency could be hit this summer. There has been talk of the seven-time Ballon d’Or winner retracing steps to Barcelona, while   and the Middle East refuses to go away. Messi is, at 35 years of age, facing some big decisions on his future, with national team coach Scaloni claiming to be as in the dark as anybody else when it comes to the endless rounds of speculation. Quizzed on whether Messi is edging his way towards the exits at PSG, 2022 World Cup-winning boss Scaloni said: “I'm not in his head, I don't know what he's thinking, I don't know what he's going to do. What I want is for him to play, to be on the pitch, to be happy. I would like him to continue playing. The 102 goals. I hope there are more. It deserves all the recognition. It's good that it was on Argentine soil and that also has a special value.” Messi has  , with another notable milestone passed during an international friendly outing against Curacao that saw him bag a first-half hat-trick, while he is also now  .  It comes as little surprise to find that teams from across the planet are keeping a close eye on Messi’s situation in Paris, with the South American icon showing no sign of slowing down as he looks to  .


‘Hard to say no to Bayern Munich’ – Kai Havertz makes transfer admission amid talk of leaving Chelsea for Thomas Tuchel reunion

Kai Havertz is being linked with Bayern Munich again, and the Chelsea forward admits any German finds it hard to “say no” to the Bundesliga giants.

The  , who can operate across any given attacking unit, saw a move to the Allianz Arena speculated on once it became apparent that he would be severing ties with Bayer Leverkusen in 2020. Havertz opted to head for England at that stage, and has become a Champions League winner at Chelsea, but he continues to generate transfer speculation – with the   leading to more   in the present. Havertz has offered no indication that he will be pushing for a move away from Stamford Bridge, but concedes that Bayern are a difficult team to snub. He has told  : “Bayern are generally a huge club that it's hard to say no to as a German player, but my personal goal has always been to play abroad at some point. In England or Spain.” Havertz went on to say that joining Bayern in 2020 was “almost a bit too boring” having already shown what he is capable of in the Bundesliga, with a switch to England at that point in his career considered to be “just right”. Havertz, who is tied to a contract through to 2025, has taken in 128 appearances for Chelsea and scored 32 goals – with the most notable of those seeing him record match-winning efforts in the finals of the 2021 Champions League and  .


Ilkay Gundogan has NOT agreed Barcelona transfer but his future is 'open', says Man City star's agent

Manchester City midfielder Ilkay Gundogan is open to a move away this summer, but a Barcelona deal isn't set in stone yet.

 Gundogan was rumoured to  , but his agent denied that there's an agreement in place. The German international's deal expires in June, and there's little indication that he will pen a new contract to stay at the Etihad. Still, Ilhan Gundogan, his uncle and agent, insisted that Gundogan's future is wide open.  “There’s definitely no agreement yet with any club. The focus of Ilkay in recent weeks was only on Manchester City and the birth of his son. Now he is in the final and crucial phase of the season and is completely focused on that. Where Ilkay plays next season is still open," his agent said.  Gundogan has made 24 Premier League appearances for Pep Guardiola's Man City this year, scoring three and assisting three. He bagged the goal that won his team the title at the Etihad last year, his fourth Premier League crown in a City shirt. Gundogan will hope to be involved when Man City take on Liverpool this Saturday. His long term future, though, is unclear.


Djordje Petrovic: Why Man Utd and Liverpool are interested in New England Revolution's latest star goalkeeper

GOAL sits down with the Serbian shot-stopper to discuss life in MLS and the persistent links to some of the game's biggest clubs.

In February 2022,  Just over a year on, the Revs could soon find themselves in a similar position. That's because Turner's replacement has rapidly caught the eye of Europe's biggest clubs, meaning it's only a matter of time before he moves on too. Manchester United and Liverpool are the two most notable teams linked with Djordje Petrovic, the Revs' No.1 with No.99 on his shirt. The 23-year-old has become a legitimate star in New England, earning a nomination for MLS Goalkeeper of the Year despite only taking over as starter in May. A big move seems inevitable for Petrovic. And, when that big move does come, there's belief that Petrovic won't just head to Europe to make up the numbers, but rather to start for a club at the highest level of the game. "When two great teams like that are interested in you, that's great," Petrovic tells  , "but I'm not paying too much attention to it because I'm happy here with the New England Revolution and I'm happy with my improvement and the way I work with the team from week to week. "When the right time comes [to think about a transfer], then we'll see." Below,  explains precisely why some of the biggest clubs in world football are following Petrovic's progress...


Man Utd debt RISES to £535m as Glazer family unrest grows amid £6bn takeover saga

Manchester United have published their financial results, with debts rising to £535.7 million ($660m) amid their lengthy takeover process.

Those figures are up from £477.1m ($588m), with   year-on-year. Commercial revenue for the Premier League heavyweights has risen by 22.2% to £78.7m ($97m), with matchday income taking a hit despite record sales of tickets, hospitality, membership and broadcasting rights. Despite plenty of numbers heading into the red, United have posted a net profit of £6.3m in the last quarter – which included the 2022 World Cup break – and expect total revenue to be between £590m ($728m) and £610m ($752m) by the time their next results are delivered. United said in a statement: “Commercial revenue for the quarter was £78.7 million, an increase of £14.3 million, or 22.2%, over the prior year quarter. Sponsorship revenue was £50.4 million, an increase of £15.2 million, or 43.2%, over the prior year quarter due to the impact of our training kit agreement with Tezos, together with a one-off sponsorship credit. “Retail, Merchandising, Apparel & Product Licensing revenue was £28.3 million, a decrease of £0.9 million, or 3.1%, over the prior year quarter. Broadcasting revenue for the quarter was £58.7 million, a decrease of £27.7 million, or 32.1%, over the prior year quarter, primarily due to the men’s first team participating in the UEFA Europa League compared to the UEFA Champions League in the prior year. Matchday revenue for the quarter was £29.9 million, a decrease of £4.7 million, or 13.6%, over the prior year quarter, due to playing two less home games in the current year quarter compared to the prior year quarter.” United added that “total operating expenses for the quarter were £167.6 million, a decrease of £12.1 million, or 6.7%, over the prior year quarter”, but they do have a season ticket waiting list of 145,000 people and their enduring appeal should help to keep the turnstiles and cash registers ticking over. United may be under new ownership by the time their next set of financial results are released, with Sir Jim Ratcliffe – Britain's richest man – and Qatari Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani having  , while   that the Glazer family hopes will eventually be worth around £6 billion ($7.4bn).


‘Sign Kaoru Mitoma & get rid of Jadon Sancho’ – Man Utd urged to launch Brighton transfer raid by Paul Parker

Manchester United have been advised by Paul Parker to sign Kaoru Mitoma in the next transfer window, while offloading Jadon Sancho.

The Red Devils spent big on England international winger Sancho during the summer of 2021, with a £75 million ($93m) deal put in place with Borussia Dortmund. The 23-year-old has   – scoring just 10 goals and finding himself   earlier this season – and Parker believes United should be looking to upgrade in the wide attacking department by prising Japan international Mitoma away from Premier League rivals Brighton. Former Red Devils defender Parker, who won two league titles during his time at Old Trafford, has told   of Mitoma: “I really like him. He is very direct and he wants to go on the outside of his opponent, which is a rarity in today’s football. No defender wants that and he is very good at that. Mitoma would also be a very good PR-signing. To see a Japanese player at Man United would be a huge story. “I would love to see him at Man United but then they have to offload some of their wingers and they could start with getting rid of Jadon Sancho. I would rather have Mitoma in the squad than him. He has proven himself in the Premier League and I doubt that Sancho will ever do that. I think he should go back to Germany and play in his comfort zone where he is best. But if he comes to the club, Man United needs to figure out what to do with Marcus Rashford, who is best at the left wing. But that’s a luxury problem to have two good wingers.” Mitoma has   for Brighton this season, with Parker claiming that he would be a better option for United than World Cup-winning forward Ousmane Dembele of Barcelona. Asked if he would look to  , Parker added: “No, I would definitely not want to have Ousmane Dembele at Man United. He is always injured and he hasn’t proved himself at a big club. He did well at Dortmund but hasn’t done it at Barcelona yet, so he is not a player that I would want. I don’t think he is better than the wingers they already have and that says a lot about him because it isn’t the most difficult thing to be better than Jadon Sancho and Antony. He is predictable and I have to say no to him at Man United. Wherever he goes, the manager needs to make him into a different animal than what he is now.” United are expected to be busy in the next transfer window, but a new No.9 is considered to be top of their wish list – amid   – and it remains to be seen whether Ten Hag looks to invest heavily again in another option on the flanks.


Will Tyler Adams play for Leeds again this season? Injury update on USMNT star following hamstring surgery

Tyler Adams may have played his last game for Leeds in the 2022-23 campaign, with the USMNT star having undergone hamstring surgery.

The 24-year-old midfielder   on March 18. That setback ruled him out of the latest United States squad – where he has been captaining his country – while also delivering a serious blow to Leeds’ ongoing bid to steer clear of relegation danger. There is a chance that Adams could return this term but, with only 11 games left to take in, Whites boss Javi Gracia concedes that   may have been brought to a premature conclusion.  Gracia has said when asked for an update on Adams: “Tyler, we'll see his evolution but after this surgery we'll see if he can play any games this season. Day-by-day.” Leeds are managing a number of knocks at present, with their Spanish coach adding: “There are other players, Max Wober, Willy Gnonto with different injuries. Hamstring injury and ankle injury and we'll see their evolution but they need time to recover, they will be out of the team [against Arsenal].” Pressed further on whether timescales could be put on the respective recoveries of Adams, Gnonto and Co, Gracia said: “I'm sorry but I cannot clarify because I don't know. What I know is they are out for this game and I think it will be more time. I don't if one week more, two weeks more, I cannot tell you. It depends on the evolution.” Adams will definitely be missing for Leeds when they return to action with a testing trip to Premier League leaders Arsenal on Saturday, with the games then coming thick and fast for the Whites as they head into back-to-back home dates with fellow strugglers Nottingham Forest and Crystal Palace.


Chelsea Women vs Lyon Women: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Chelsea Women vs Lyon Women in the Women's Champions League from the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news.

 are set to host   in the second leg of their   quarter-final on Thursday at Stamford Bridge. Guro Reiten's 28th-minute goal in the first leg gave Chelsea a crucial lead going into the second leg against Lyon.  The Blues have won four out of their last five matches in all competitions. Their only defeat was against Manchester City in the Women's Super League last weekend. Lyon are also in red-hot form at the moment, having lost just once in their last 10 games. Their only defeat was against Chelsea in the first leg of the quarter-final. They currently have a one-point lead over Paris Saint-Germain at the top of the Division 1 Feminine. 


PUMA recruits Pulisic, Neymar and more to launch the 'Pursuit Pack'

Big game boots for big game players. 

Designed for the final stretch of the season. Designed for players looking to make the difference between first and second, glory and defeat. Designed to stand out. The all-new PUMA Pursuit Pack features the brand's latest   and ULTRA silhouettes in fresh new colourways, here to help you excel when it matters most.  The Pursuit Pack is all about standing out; its bright and vibrant colours do just that. An Electric Peppermint and Fast Yellow colour palette adorn both silhouettes, the latter the base for the Future Ultimate and the former for the Ultra Ultimate.  Dressed in that unmissable Fast Yellow, the Future Ultimate boasts stunning aesthetics alongside a completely reengineered design for 2023. Improved control, a new upper design and a fresh look - with Power Tape technology - make the boots a top choice for players looking to dominate under pressure.  Built for uncatchable speed, the Ultra Ultimate's makeover is all about being your fastest on the pitch. From its PWRPRINT texture to its all-new dual-density SPPEDPLATE soleplate, everything about the Ultra Ultimate is engineered to maximise acceleration and ball control. That sensational Electric Peppermint colourway is just an added bonus to an already impressive boot, and a winner in our books.  Set to be worn by the likes of Jack Grealish, Kingsley Coman, Fridolina Rolfö, Ariadna Garcia, Julia Grosso and more - the Pursuit Pack is a big game boot, for big game ballers.  The all-new PUMA Pursuit Pack is available to buy right now from   and  . Here's a closer look at some of the items available: 


FIFA streamer Castro: Alphonso Davies beat me on FIFA & this is what it's like to see Lionel Messi lift the World Cup in person

Twitch streamer Castro also revealed his favourite FIFA games and described how he took a taxi driver to watch the World Cup

FIFA streamer Castro spoke with  about his experiences in the world of online gaming, with his streaming career thrusting him into the world of the real life game. Castro started streaming with FIFA 14, and has seen his brand grow in the nearly 10 years since. At this point, he regularly plays against real-world superstars, something that doesn't always go well for the streamer with nearly four million Twitch followers. "The best professional player I've ever actually played against is Alphonso Davies. He actually beat me, I don't want to say that out loud!" Castro said. "David Luiz was very good as well, Marco Reus, too." Davies and Castro have since developed a friendship, and Castro speculated he might have a gaming career to come after he hangs up his boots. "He could enter a FIFA tournament someday and potentially win it," Castro said. But he hasn't completed the full range of superstars he wants to get on the sticks with. Another Brazilian is also on his list. "Someone I would love to play some day would probably be Neymar. I know that he's big on gaming. I I'm not sure how good he is at FIFA, but obviously he's quality on the pitch!" Castro said. The long-time streamer also spoke on some of his World Cup experiences, including inviting his Taxi driver to Mexico's World Cup win over Saudi Arabia. "I took him there, and something special finally happened: I got to witness Mexico score in the World Cup," the devout El Tri fan added. But the big Cristiano Ronaldo fan also revealed he was disappointed to see Portugal lose. "It's not the way I would have wanted to see Ronaldo get knocked out of his potentially last World Cup," Castro said. Still, Castro's eyes are very much on the future - notably, the 2026 World Cup. "A lot of young players are going to be shining like crazy," he said.


Man Utd make Rasmus Hojlund & Randal Kolo Muani their Harry Kane transfer alternatives in ongoing No.9 search

Manchester United are reportedly lining up Rasmus Hojlund and Randal Kolo Muani as alternatives to Harry Kane in their ongoing striker search.

The Red Devils are expected to invest heavily in a new No.9 during the next transfer window, with there currently no suitable options to fill that role at Old Trafford - as  . It has been suggested that  , figures prominently on Erik ten Hag’s wish list. United are, however, aware that   will not come cheap, with the   reporting that Hojlund and Kolo Muani are considered to be more affordable options. France international Kolo Muani, who is only 24 years of age, has   this season. United are aware that several other clubs – including Chelsea and Bayern Munich – are monitoring Hojlund, but their standing in the global game could work in their favour during any transfer scramble as the highly-rated youngster is said to be a Red Devils supporter.


Real Madrid outcast Eden Hazard 'physically outmatched' in training game with Castilla squad

Real Madrid outcast Eden Hazard was reportedly "physically outmatched" in a training game with the club's Castilla squad this week.

Hazard, who had some time off during the international break after   following the 2022 World Cup, took part in a training game at Real Madrid on Thursday that saw the first-team mix with Castilla players. According to  , the 32-year-old was way off the pace physically during the contest and had difficulty dribbling past any of his opponents, with head coach Carlo Ancelotti watching on from the sidelines. Hazard has only featured in seven games across all competitions for Real this season and doesn't appear to figure into Ancelotti's long-term plans. The former Chelsea winger still has one year left on his contract and  , but speculation over a potential summer exit continues to rage. At the moment there appears to be no way back for Hazard, who finds himself behind the likes of Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo in the attacking pecking order at Santiago Bernabeu. The former Belgium international will hope to be in Ancelotti's next squad with a view to making an impact off the bench as Real prepare for a La Liga meeting with Real Valladolid on Sunday.


USMNT up-and-comer Caden Clark could go out on loan, says RB Leipzig's Marco Rose

USMNT rising star Caden Clark could go out on loan next season, admitted RB Leipzig boss Marco Rose.

Clark finally joined up with RB Leipzig in January, having spent last season on loan with the New York Red Bulls after signing with the German side in 2021. He's made the bench several times, but has yet to see the field, and Rose admitted that Clark could go out on loan next season in search of consistent minutes.  "We might think about getting him playing time at another club," Rose said. "He's doing well, but we need patience. He's a great footballer with good basic technique who recognizes a lot of things, but, with his decision-making, there's still a lot of untapped potential, and we'll work on that with him." Clark is expected to be a part of the U20s men's national team squad for the World Cup, which is set to kick off in May. It remains to be seen where it will kick off, though, as FIFA stripped Indonesia of hosting rights on Wednesday. RB Leipzig, who currently sit fifth in the Bundesliga, will play host to Mainz on Saturday before then hosting Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday in the DFB-Pokal quarterfinal.


13 fun facts about Bruno Fernandes

Everything you need to know about Bruno Fernandes, Manchester United's midfield magician.

Bruno Fernandes is a Portuguese professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Manchester United and the Portugal national team. He is widely regarded as one of the best midfielders in the world, known for his creative playmaking, exceptional passing ability, and scoring prowess. Bruno Fernandes was born on September 8, 1994, in Maia, Portugal. He grew up in a football-loving family and started playing the sport at a young age. His father, who was also a footballer, played a big role in his early development and helped him hone his skills on the pitch. As a child, Fernandes was known for his short and stocky build, which earned him the nickname "Cebolinha" (which means "little onion" in Portuguese). Fernandes began his professional football career with Novara in Italy in 2012, where he played for two seasons before moving to Udinese. He quickly established himself as a key player for Udinese and caught the attention of several top European clubs with his impressive performances. In 2017, he signed with Sporting CP in Portugal, where he became one of the most prolific midfielders in the league and helped his team win the Taça de Portugal in 2018. It was during his time at Sporting CP that Fernandes earned a reputation as a world-class midfielder, attracting interest from several top European clubs. In January 2020, he signed with Manchester United in a deal worth €55 million, making him the most expensive signing in the club's history at the time. Since joining Manchester United, Fernandes has been a revelation, quickly establishing himself as one of the most important players in the team. He has been instrumental in helping the club win several key matches and has been praised for his leadership and positive influence on his teammates. One of Fernandes' greatest strengths is his exceptional passing ability. He is known for his precise and creative passes, which often set up scoring opportunities for his teammates. He also has a keen eye for goal and is a prolific scorer himself, with an impressive record of over 40 goals and 20 assists in his first two seasons with Manchester United. In addition to his technical skills, Fernandes is also known for his tireless determination and exceptional work ethic. He is a versatile player who can play in a variety of positions and is equally comfortable playing in a defensive or attacking role. Off the pitch, Fernandes is known for his philanthropic work and has been involved in several initiatives to support underprivileged children in Portugal. He has also been actively involved in COVID-19 relief efforts, contributing to medical equipment and supplies to hospitals. Fernandes is a talented and versatile midfielder who has quickly become one of the best players in the world. His exceptional skills on the field, combined with his leadership qualities and positive influence off the pitch, have made him a fan favourite at Manchester United and a respected player in the football community.  With his talent, determination, and commitment to excellence, the 28-year-old is sure to continue making headlines and achieving great success both on and off the pitch. Here are 13 fun facts you need to know about Bruno Fernandes.


France women's national team hire Herve Renard as head coach after player revolt forced out Corinne Diacre

Herve Renard has been officially unveiled as the France women's national team's new head coach ahead of the World Cup.

Renard left his post as the manager of Saudi Arabia to take the job with his home nation. He will try to bring stability to a squad that was  . His contract will run until 2024, the team announced. 🖊️ 𝙃𝙚𝙧𝙫𝙚́ 𝙍𝙚𝙣𝙖𝙧𝙙 est le nouveau sélectionneur de l'Equipe de France Féminine 🇫🇷 Le technicien français s'est engagé jusqu'en août 2024.   France have high expectations for the Women's World Cup this summer as a team ranked by FIFA in the top 10 globally, but Renard will need to convince top players who had pledged not to participate in the tournament that they should re-commit. Additionally, there is just one more international window before squads are named, meaning Renard will not have much time to work with Les Bleus before making important decisions.  The next week will be crucial in finding out which France players return to the team, and which ones decide to sit out the Women's World Cup.


Mykhalio Mudryk welcomes pressure of being an £89m ‘loser’ at Chelsea & is quizzed on his best position

Mykhailo Muydryk claims to be embracing the pressure of being an £89 million ($110m) “loser” at Chelsea and intends to win over his many doubters.

The Ukraine international forward became another big-money signing for Premier League heavyweights Chelsea during the January transfer window. The 22-year-old has   registering just one assist and no goals through seven appearances, leading some to suggest that he should already be  . Mudryk is, however, determined to silence his detractors and retains   at Stamford Bridge. Mudryk has told   when asked if he has found his start to life at Chelsea a little tough: “I can say yes, it's a lot of pressure, but it's not for the first time. I like this pressure because one day that guy who said I’m a loser, one day he will say I’m a winner. Time will tell.” Mudryk was acquired by Chelsea to fill a role on the flanks, but admits that his   by operating down the middle for a side that is still lacking a prolific central striker. Mudryk added on operating as a No.9: “It's a good position. It's easier when the ball comes to you by floor but it's heavier when you receive the ball in the air. But it depends what kind of game we got here, for some games maybe it's better for me to play nine, for some games it will be better for me, and for the team, to play on the side.” Chelsea, who continue to sit 10th in the Premier League table despite splashing out around £600m ($740m) on fresh faces this season, will be back in action on Saturday when playing host to Aston Villa.


Explained: What new Premier League ownership and director rules could mean for Newcastle and future takeovers

The refreshed Premier League owners' and directors' test will tighten regulations for potential investors and current owners.

After an outcry from Amnesty International and other human rights groups following   the Premier League has unveiled stricter criteria for starting and maintaining ownership of clubs in the division. The newly-released guidelines place more of an emphasis on human rights records from potential and current owners. Specifically, the league can block directors if they are deemed to have been involved in a "disqualifying event." The league revealed a list of disqualifying events: Existing Premier League owners will now be subject to annual checks based on the criteria. That could leave clubs such as Newcastle - whose ownership group have been accused of a connection with alleged human rights' abuses in Saudi Arabia - called into question. The new regulations will inevitably be associated with the potential purchase of Manchester United.   is among the bidders for the club, and could possibly be blocked from a potential takeover. Premier League clubs approved the rules on Thursday, and they will come into effect immediately. It is hoped that the new regulations will also lead to some more transparency on the takeover process,   Kaveh Solhekol said. The rules will be implemented immediately and will be applied to those involved in the bidding to be the next man United owner - as well as retroactively to the likes of Newcastle and Manchester City.


'Are you OK?' - Sergio Aguero experiences heart arrhythmia live on Twitch stream in scary incident

Former Barcelona and Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero had a minor heart arrhythmia during a live Twitch stream Wednesday night.

Aguero stopped and clutched his chest momentarily in the middle of a Twitch stream Wednesday night. After pausing momentarily, the Argentine admitted he had endured a "mini-arrhythmia." He was accompanied by famous streamer Ibai Llanos, who asked if Aguero needed medical treatment - which the former Argentine star swiftly declined. Tensión en directo que por suerte quedó en susto:   sufre una arritmia en directo con  . "¿Quieres que vayamos al médico?"  Aguero was   after experiencing heart problems during a game for Barcelona back in 2021. He was subsequently fitted with a pacemaker and told that he shouldn't play football again. The Argentine seems to have avoided any serious issues. Since retirement, he has mostly stayed away from football, but recently appeared in Gerard Pique's Kings League and regularly streams on his own channel.


Explained: Gavi's contract dispute with Barcelona, why he lost his shirt number & what happens next

Gavi has agreed to a new deal with Barcelona, but due to financial regulations is unable to sign it, and could leave this summer as a result.

Gavi signed a massive contract last September to stay at Camp Nou. The deal was set to run for four years and   He was also to be handed Xavi's famous No.6 shirt. However, Gavi is yet to officially sign, and is still on youth wages. Although the club and player have agreed on a new deal, the Blaugrana aren't allowed to register their star midfielder, as they are over their allocated budget for the 2022-23 season. , meaning the Blaugrana will have to try again this summer. Technically, if he doesn't pen a first-team deal, Gavi will be able to leave on a free transfer. His academy contract expires in June, and if Barcelona are unable to register him, Gavi could walk for nothing. The club insist that it will not happen, though. This is where it all gets complicated. Barcelona argued earlier this year that they could register Gavi under a precautionary measure,  . However, the league appealed the decision, and after some back and forth, the player was forced to return to his old number. T Barcelona have a number of other contract situations to figure out. Ronald Araujo, Sergi Roberto and Marcos Alonso all need to be registered. Meanwhile, the club are .


'I wasn't a mutiny leader!' - Richarlison rejects claim he pushed Antonio Conte out of Tottenham in statement blasting 'awful lies'

Tottenham forward Richarlison has hit out at the notion that he led a rebellion against ex-manager Antonio Conte at Tottenham.

 Richarlison   at the club, complaining about his lack of playing time. It has since been reported that both he and  . But Richarlison rejected that claim and insisted he never wanted Conte to leave, instead blasting the reports as false.  "Questioning and criticising me as a player for my performance is part of football and I got it. However, telling lies about me, I don't accept! I’ve always had a lot of respect for Conte and for all my coaches," Richarlison  . "I wasn't a mutiny leader against him, it was quite the opposite. I'm sorry I didn't deliver as much as he expected of me and I didn't do enough for him to stay. When he left, I sent him a message thanking him for everything and wishing him the best cause that's what he deserves!"  Richarlison has endured a tricky first campaign for Spurs after sealing a massive summer move from Everton. The Brazilian has yet to score a Premier League goal and has only made nine starts for the north London club.  Richarlison has a minor muscle injury that will keep him out of Spurs' fixture with his former club Everton on Monday.


All completed MLS transfers so far in 2023 - listed

GOAL rounds up all of the completed MLS transfers this season so far

The new season for   is yet to begin, but transfer activity is underway. With major superstars at the twilight of their career moving to MLS for one last dance or youngsters making a name for themselves in the league, transfers get everyone talking. Teams battle for their prized possessions in a bid to make their side stronger on paper ahead of a typically chaotic season ahead.  rounds up all of the completed MLS transfers this season so far.


Lionel Messi made Patrice Evra cry in his car! Ex-France star admits World Cup final loss to Argentina hurt him deeply

Former France left-back Patrice Evra admitted he was devastated by his country's World Cup final loss to Lionel Messi and Argentina.

Evra, who made 59 appearances for France, admitted that the World Cup final was an immensely emotional event. And after Les Blues lost on penalties after overturning a 2-0 deficit, Evra was reduced to tears in his car. "I watched the match live and I cried. I did not expect it. France-Argentina, I tell you the truth, I went to my car and I cried." Evra said in an interview with  . "For three days I was in pain. And I said to myself 'Patrice, I know you love the France team'... but it hurt me so much. And then, frankly, hats off to the France team." The 41-year-old also sympathised with France star Mbappe: "Kylian scores a hat-trick. You score a hat-trick, three goals in the final and you don't win the final. You see it was incredible!" France fell to Argentina on penalties in one of the great World Cup finals. Mbappe grabbed a hat-trick - and also buried his penalty in the shootout - but was unable to drag his side past Messi's Argentina. France started their Euro 2024 qualification campaign with two straight wins, and will return to action this June as they continue their efforts to book a spot in the tournament next summer.


Bayern Munich vs Borussia Dortmund match preview: Team news, head-to-head, lineups, & predictions

Bayern Munich welcome title rivals Borussia Dortmund for a crucial top-of-the-table clash...

will take on   in Der Klassiker in the   on Saturday.  Bayern are a point behind league leaders Dortmund, and the outcome of this fixture may have a big impact in the title race this season.  The Bavarians have been the more dominant team when these two teams have played each other in the recent past. The defending champions, under new boss Thomas Tuchel, will be confident of bouncing back to winning ways after their defeat against Bayer Leverkusen in their previous league outing - a result that preceded the end of Julian Nagelsmann's tenure as head coach.  Dortmund's form has been impressive. They have only lost one out of their last 14 outings and are atop the standings. Their excellent form means that the upcoming clash promises to be an exciting Der Klassiker for the fans.


WATCH: Man Utd vs Wrexham confirmed! Sir Alex Ferguson stars in hilarious pre-season match announcement video with co-owners Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney

Wrexham announced they would face Manchester United in a pre-season match with a hilarious video starring the club's co-owners and Sir Alex Ferguson.

 In the video, Hollywood stars and Red Dragons duo Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney set up a video call with Sir Alex to reveal their excitement at the game in question. Reynolds labels Ferguson a "master intimidator" and the pair soon get freaked and end the call early, only for the Scotsman to later reveal the video had been on mute the entire time.  The video is the latest element of the Welsh club to  , and confirms a pre-season matchup that will take place in San Diego on July 25. For United, it features as part   in which Erik ten Hag's players will  , with other games yet to be announced. 💻   Wrexham are also said to be in talks with   over a potential pre-season warm-up fixture, but that is yet to be confirmed by either club.


Under-20 World Cup 2023: Why Indonesia was stripped of hosting duty & who will new host be?

GOAL explains the reasons behind Indonesia's disqualification as the U-20 World Cup host country and considers who could be the new host. 

FIFA have removed Indonesia as the host for the Under-20 World Cup.  The 23rd edition of the biennial world championship tournament was supposed to be held in the Asian state from May 20 to June 11.  However, following the cancellation of the official draw for the tournament, which was supposed to be held in Bali last Friday, FIFA revealed that it has revoked the hosting rights from Indonesia.  explains the reasons behind Indonesia's disqualification, and consider who could be the new host.  Indonesia were awarded hosting rights in 2019 by FIFA.  However, FIFA had to cancel the official draw ceremony for the U-20 World Cup last Friday after Bali's governor Wayan Koster refused to host the Israel team. Indonesia do not have any formal diplomatic ties with Israel and have been a very vocal supporter of Palestine in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. There were even street protests in Jakarta to oppose the participation of Israel in the U-20 World Cup, demonstrating their solidarity with Palestine.  Indonesians hold street protest in Jakarta against Israel’s participation in FIFA U/20s World Cup, which will be hosted by Indonesia in May and June. (Credit:  )  Following the unrest, FIFA President Gianni Infantino and President of the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI) Erick Thohir held a meeting on Wednesday to discuss a solution to the problem. However, the meeting did not bear any fruit and subsequently, FIFA released an official statement announcing the stripping of hosting rights from Indonesia.  The statement read: "FIFA has decided, due to the current circumstances, to remove Indonesia as the host of the FIFA U-20 World Cup 2023. Potential sanctions against the PSSI may also be decided at a later stage. "FIFA would like to underline that, despite this decision, it remains committed to actively assisting the PSSI, in close cooperation and with the support of the government of President Widodo, in the transformation process of Indonesian football following the tragedy that occurred in October 2022.  "Members of the FIFA team will continue to be present in Indonesia in the coming months and will provide the required assistance to the PSSI, under the leadership of President Thohir.  "A new meeting between the FIFA President and the PSSI President for further discussions will be scheduled shortly." FIFA removes Indonesia as host of FIFA U-20 World Cup 2023™ ⬇️  FIFA need to quickly come up with an alternative host country as the tournament is less than two months away from the scheduled start date.  The governing body do not want to change the dates of the tournament and have assured that a new host will be revealed soon.  "A new host will be announced as soon as possible, with the dates of the tournament currently remaining unchanged," read a statement from FIFA. 


Gio Reyna and Christian Pulisic remain in USMNT XI against El Salvador as Anthony Hudson makes seven changes

Gio Reyna and Christian Pulisic have been named to the U.S. men's national team's starting XI as Anthony Hudson has made seven changes from last match

Just four holdovers remain from the win over Grenada, with Pulisic, Reyna, Weston McKennie and Matt Turner the only four returning to the starting XI against El Salvador. The entire back four has changed, with Tim Ream, Miles Robinson, Antonee Robinson and Sergino Dest coming in, while Yunus Musah joins McKennie and Reyna centrally. Daryl Dike and Alejandro Zendejas, meanwhile, have been added to the attack. The XI in Orlando. 🇺🇸  Changes were expected following the 7-1 win in Grenada, with Hudson promising rotation. The U.S. will  need just a draw against El Salvador to book a place in the Nations League's next phase. The U.S. are set to face Mexico in the first Continental Clasico on April 19.


USMNT player ratings vs El Salvador: Ricardo Pepi is BACK with another goal as striker makes instant impact

It took time for the U.S. to get in the groove but they eventually got the goal they needed vs El Salvador, thanks to a delicious chip from El Tren.

While there were banners all around the stadium in honor of the U.S. men's national team's potential striker of the future, a player that once held that title proved that he still has plenty to say about the ongoing No. 9 race. Ricardo Pepi came off the bench and, within two minutes, scored himself a game-winning goal, leading the U.S. to a 1-0 victory over El Salvador at Exploria Stadium in Orlando. With the win, the U.S. advance to the semifinals of the Nations League, where they will look to defend the crown they won in 2021. That trophy came before the emergence of Pepi, who arrived on the scene later that fall. In the time since, he's gone from striker of the present and future to World Cup roster cut and, now, all the way back. Having scored three goals in two games this window, Pepi's confidence appears to be back, and that's good news for the USMNT even with the potential arrival of Folarin Balogun looming large.  rates the USMNT's players from Exploria Stadium...


Welcome back, Ricardo Pepi and Miles Robinson! USMNT Winners and Losers as duo puts World Cup disappointment behind them with star performances vs El Salvador

Two players that missed the World Cup stole the show as the U.S. took down El Salvador to book their spot in the Nations League semifinals

If this match was anything to go by, the U.S. men's national team probably missed both Ricardo Pepi and Miles Robinson at the World Cup. Both missed out on Qatar for different reasons: Robinson due to an Achilles injury and Pepi due to a total loss of form and confidence following a failed move to Augsburg. But both are now very much back in the picture, having put in incredible performances in the 1-0 win over El Salvador. It served as a reminder of what many people already knew: that these two are over their terrible 2022 and back to the form that might them so vital just one year prior. Both look to have big futures, both in 2023 in beyond, with both emerging as big winners from this match and this camp. On a night where the USMNT was slightly lethargic, both provided what was neccessary to see off a very game El Salvador team that, at times, looked ready to steal a result. They ultimately didn't and, because of that, the USMNT are onto the Nations League semifinals. Will we see Pepi and Robinson there? Almost certainly. After some time away, both are right back in the mix.


'I'm gonna be in big, big trouble!' - USMNT and Arsenal star Matt Turner excited to be a girl dad after teammates and family gather for gender reveal after win over El Salvador

Matt Turner admitted that he thinks he's in big trouble as the U.S. men's national team goalkeeper found out he and his wife are having a baby girl.

Turner's USMNT teammates and family gathered after the 1-0 win over El Salvador as the goalkeeper and his wife found out the gender of their baby. Turner booted a ball filled with pink smoke before a jubilant celebration of USMNT stars, with the goalkeeper and his wife now awaiting the birth of their baby girl. The couple already have a son who will turn one in July, and Turner is now eager to welcome a baby girl to the family after Monday's big reveal. IT’S A GIRL 💕💕💕💕 Congrats to   and the fam! 💜  The moment was made more special by the presence of Turner's teammates and family, who were on hand to celebrate the moment. The goalkeeper hasn't gotten too much time to spend with his relatives in the States since moving to Arsenal, and he was glad to have so many loved ones around for such a special moment. "20 or so people from my family came down here. Family time is really important to my wife and I and being in London, it's few and far between. Obviously, we're chasing this crazy dream over there. That takes away from her being close to her family, because when we were in Boston, she's from Maine, and me being only a three hour drive from New Jersey. To be able to come here and for U.S. Soccer to be so flexible to allow us to do that, it's just a really special moment for us and I'm super excited to be a girl dad!" Turner will now head back to Arsenal to chase that "crazy dream", which is centered around the Premier League title race. The Gunners currently have an eight-point lead over Mancehster City, who do have a game in hand. It won't take long for Turner to reunite with some USMNT teammates in England, as Arsenal are set to face Brenden Aaronson, Weston McKennie, Tyler Adams and Leeds this weekend.


'I think I made a big statement tonight' - USMNT's Ricardo Pepi joins elite company in Christian Pulisic and Jozy Altidore with another goal

Ricardo Pepi's latest goal helped the U.S. men's national team take down El Salvador while placing the striker in elite company in the history books.

Pepi scored just two minutes after coming on in Friday's 1-0 win over El Salvador, following up a performance that saw him net twice in a 7-1 win over Grenada. With the three finishes this week, Pepi now has six senior goals for the U.S., making him the third-youngest USMNT player to reach that mark. Pepi is only 20 years and 77 days old, meaning only Christian Pulisic (18 years, 263 days) and Jozy Altidore (19 years, 146 days) were younger when scoring their sixth national team goal. It's been a long road back for Pepi, who, at one point in 2021, looked like he would be a starter for the 2022 World Cup. He ended up falling out of the picture entirely due to a disastrous move to Augsburg, but the striker is now back scoring goals for Groningen and, most importantly, for his country. "It's been a roller coaster, to be honest," Pepi said. "I'm happy to be just in the squad scoring goals again after missing the World Cup. I think I made a big statement tonight. I'm just happy to be out there fighting with my teammates again and helping them out." The striker will now head back to Groningen, where he could feature as soon as this weekend when the Dutch side visits Fortuna Sittard. Pepi has 10 goals this season for Groningen, who enter the weekend in 17th place, which, if it holds, would see the club relegated.


Forget Mo Salah and Rodrygo - Bukayo Saka is the best right winger in the world!

The Arsenal and England winger is setting new standards this season for club and country 

Gareth Southgate bit his lip when he was asked after   whether there was any other right winger in the world who is playing at the level of Bukayo Saka right now. “I’m not going to get drawn into where he sits in world football,” Southgate laughed. “That would start to put us in danger of doing all the things that we shouldn’t be doing with him.  “He’s progressing brilliantly and he’s a joy to work with. We should leave it at that.” It was as diplomatic a response as you would expect from someone like Southgate.  But in all honesty,  . Mohamed Salah can step aside, so can the likes of Ousmane Dembele and Rodrygo. Saka is currently the best right winger on the planet. It’s that simple.


Man Utd dealt ANOTHER midfield injury blow as Marcel Sabitzer sustains knee problem while on Austria duty

Marcel Sabitzer is the latest Manchester United midfielder to sustain an injury, the club announced on Monday.

The Bayern Munich loanee picked up a knee problem in Austria training and had to end his session early. He's been dealing with pain in the region for at least a few days and sat out Austria's 2-1 win over Estonia on Monday. Casemiro has only served one game of a  , while midfielders   and   are out injured. Sabitzer would be in line to start for the Red Devils if fit, but his status is now unclear. If Sabitzer is not fit to play for the Red Devils against Newcastle on Sunday, the "McFred" duo of Scott McTominay and Fred may be selected in midfield by Erik ten Hag.


Arsenal suffer Thomas Partey injury worry ahead of crucial Leeds United clash

Thomas Partey will fly back to Arsenal having missed Ghana's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Angola on Monday due to injury.

Ghana manager Chris Houghton confirmed Partey, who remained an unused substitute during the 1-1 draw, was deemed too much of a risk to play during his post-match press conference. “Thomas has some small injury issues," Houghton said. "We felt it was too big a risk to start him."  at London Colney on Tuesday where they will assess the midfielder, who was accompanied to Ghana by Gunners physio Simon Murphy, ahead of this weekend's home game with Leeds. The former Atletico Madrid star felt something in his right leg during a training session with his country on Sunday. Sources close to the player insist it is not a hamstring issue and believe he should be fine for Saturday's game at Emirates Stadium. The Gunners medical team will make a decision later in the week on whether the 29-year-old can feature against Leeds. Arsenal travel to Liverpool the following weekend for a huge game at Anfield as they chase their first Premier League title since 2004. Should Partey miss out this Saturday, Jorginho would most likely be the man to come in and replace him in midfield. The Gunners host Leeds United on Saturday in the Premier League.


How many teams qualify for Euro 2024?

GOAL breaks down how many teams will qualify for the Euro 2024 finals.

After the 2020 edition of the   was organised as a  the competition will return to its traditional format of a single country . When will the tournament begin and   will be hosting the competition for the second time, although the host country was known as West Germany back in 1988. The group stage of Euro 2024 will take place from  , with the final slated for  . The tournament opener is set for a 9pm local time kick-off in Munich, and the final will also start at 9pm local time in Berlin.  A total of 24 teams will be battling to be champions of Europe after  . Germany have already qualified as hosts. The Euro 2024 qualifiers, set to run from March 23, 2023 to November 21, 2023, will decide 20 teams yet to qualify. As such, the winners and runners-up from each of the 10 qualifying groups will be making it to the finals.  The remaining three spots will be decided by the play-offs that will be held in March 2024,  . The 12 teams to contest the play-offs based on their performance in the 2022-23 Nations League are generally the group winners of League A, B and C. In the event any of them have already qualified, that team will be replaced by the next best-ranked team in their respective league.  Furthermore, if there are not enough non-qualified teams in the same league, then it filters down to the next league, finishing with League D.


WATCH: USMNT fans make banners for Folarin Balogun ahead of El Salvador game as international allegiance battle with England rages on

The United States are doing all they can to get Folarin Balogun to commit his international future to them, with supporters now getting in on the act.

 The USMNT was in CONCACAF Nations League action against El Salvador on Monday, with Ricardo Pepi on target again in what proved to be a narrow 1-0 win. Ahead of that contest, and throughout the game, fans displayed banners urging Arsenal-owned striker Balogun – who has netted 18 times while on loan at Ligue 1 side Reims this season – to  .  fans with a message to Folarin Balogun ahead of tonight’s match against El Salvador.  These were passed throughout in the AO Section tonight. Our message to   is very simple: Join U.S.   Signed, 🇺🇸   Balogun   as questions are asked of his international future, with injury cited as the reason for his absence there, but   – the base of the USMNT during their latest camp – and has seen the likes of Anthony Hudson,  ,  , Matt Turner and   which mast he is about to nail colours to.  Balogun is a New York native who has been in England since the age of two, with a big decision needing to be made on whether he represents the land of his birth or his adopted home.


Lionel Messi transfer to United States could be funded by ALL 29 MLS clubs - and Argentina star can pick his destination

Lionel Messi will reportedly get to pick which MLS club he wants to play for if heading to America, with all 29 teams set to fund a stunning transfer.

The seven-time Ballon d’Or winner continues to see questions asked of his immediate future as a  . If no extension is agreed to those terms in France, then the mercurial Argentine will be on the move as a free agent this summer. Various landing spots have been mooted for the all-time great – from Barcelona to the Middle East – but interest from the United States remains. David Beckham co-owned   that they would like to  , with coach Phil Neville saying: “I’m not going to deny [it and say] there isn’t truth in the speculation that we’re interested in Lionel Messi. We want to bring the best players in the world to this football club. Messi and [Sergio] Busquets are the two that stand out more in recent years. They're great players who would still be a massive benefit to this organisation. For MLS, it would be a game-changer.” A move to America would allow Messi to enhance his own brand in a relatively untapped market, while a fresh start would see him escape a spotlight in France under which he has   – with 29 goals and 32 assists recorded across his 66 appearances for the Ligue 1 title holders.


Tottenham SLAMMED for not being ‘built for winning’ as ex-Spurs star Jamie Redknapp ‘not surprised’ Antonio Conte failed to succeed

Jamie Redknapp has criticised Tottenham for not being "built for winning" while insisting he was "not surprised" by Antonio Conte's failure.

The Italian manager   on Sunday following his   after being held to a 3-3 draw against bottom-placed Southampton on March 18. Redknapp blasted Spurs following the departure of the manager and insisted that the club lacks a winning mentality. "I "It’s a very difficult club to manage and it always has been. If you look at the managers they’ve gone through in the last few years, they almost bang their heads against a brick wall and find it very difficult to ever get any control of that club. "It’s very much controlled by Daniel Levy - he wants to make all the decisions and I think that’s always been a major problem with Tottenham. The culture, I believe, is always set from the top. This trophy drought isn’t just about the stadium. When I was at the club I felt it wasn’t really built for winning. It was a completely different culture to what I’d been at with Liverpool." Despite coming down heavily on the club and chairman Levy, Redknapp thought it was best for the club to part ways with Conte after the manager went public with his grievances following the Southampton draw. "I said after the game against Southampton that Antonio Conte's position became untenable," he added. "Not so much among the players because a lot of what he said he’s said before to the players. I think it was more when he spoke about the culture at the club and speaking about the last 15 years. He can’t be speaking about the players because those players haven’t really been there that long - you can’t really blame them. But when he said what he said I think his position became untenable with the owners." Cristian Stellini will replace Conte on the touchline when Spurs resume Premier League action following the international break away at Everton on April 3.


‘We believe in him’ – USMNT won’t give up on Gio Reyna following World Cup rows & attitude questions

Gio Reyna is an important part of the United States set up, according to Anthony Hudson, with the USMNT’s interim coach saying: “We believe in him.”

Questions were asked of where the highly-rated Borussia Dortmund playmaker would fit into plans heading forwards following a number of unfortunate headlines that were made on the back of the 2022 World Cup finals. His   in Qatar, with limited game time taken in as a result, while his   in   with former U.S. boss Gregg Berhalter. While there have been plenty of distractions for Reyna over recent months, he was involved in CONCACAF Nations League games with Grenada and El Salvador during the latest international break –   – and Hudson has said of his role: “Gio's performance overall, I thought was really good. I thought he showed flashes of being our biggest attacking threat. These CONCACAF games, when you're playing in the opposition's half and there's no space between the backline and the midfield, it can make it difficult. “We believe in him. Clearly he has talent and you can see it with some of the things he does. He probably needs a few more games under his belt. Tyler Adams not being here affects that sort of double pivot. He's someone who would have been perfect in that, but listen, we're pleased. We're pleased with what he's done. We're very, very pleased with how he's been this week in training. I think we're all just in a position where we want to keep looking forward.” Reyna will now be returning to Germany to link back up with a Dortmund side that sits top of the Bundesliga table with nine games left to take in this season. Reyna has registered five goals and two assists for BVB in the 2022-23 campaign and will be hoping to deliver more end product heading into a quest for CONCACAF Gold Cup glory with the USMNT this summer.


Leeds & USMNT star Weston McKennie struggling with flu ahead of return to Premier League action

USMNT interim coach Anthony Hudson has revealed that Weston McKennie is struggling with flu ahead of his return to domestic action with Leeds.

The 24-year-old midfielder, who is taking in a loan spell at Elland Road following a  , figured prominently for his country during the latest international break – starting back-to-back CONCACAF Nations League clashes with Grenada and El Salvador. He was   in the first of those outings, but was replaced in the second and has been feeling a little under the weather as he prepares to rejoin a Premier League survival battle in England. Hudson told reporters of McKennie after taking him off in the closing stages of a narrow  : “Weston has been great. I think he had a little bit of a fever tonight. Coming off, I went to give him a hug and I just refrained myself from getting anywhere near him because he's having some struggles. He was struggling a little bit tonight, flu wise, but he did it. He's been great all cam. He's now becoming one of, and this is crazy to say, one of the senior guys in the team and it is really good to have him around the camp.” McKennie has seen fellow countryman  , ruling him out of action for the USMNT and Leeds, and will be hoping to help cover the absence of a stricken colleague when the Whites take in a testing trip to Premier League leaders Arsenal on Saturday. McKennie’s loan deal at Leeds does include the option for a permanent transfer to be pushed through this summer, but they will need to preserve their top-flight status in order to trigger that clause and   is already being  .


Lovers F.C teams up with FIFA 23 Ultimate Team on a series of kits for both the digital and real world

Football meets fashion meets FIFA 23

Football and fashion meet once again in the most iconic way possible. Lovers F.C have joined forces with the EA Sports   to  The jersey features an all-over leopard print, reminiscent of something Pat butcher would don if she ever indulged in 5-a-side mid-week. And isn't it just a beauty. Finished with a '90s-inspired front and centre Lover's F.C. badge, with blue and black details on the collar and trims to wrap up the iconic shirt.  Founder of Lovers F.C, Neal Yard, shared: "As longtime players of EA Sports FIFA this has to be one of our favourite collaborations yet. The worlds of football and streetwear are forever intertwining, and this goes for the digital arena too.  "Seeing a Lover’s F.C stadium, Tifo’s and all come to life whilst having the ability to get your hands physically on one of three new jerseys which also exist in the FUT space is something, using football cliche parlance that we’re over the moon with.’’  The in-game collection features a home, away and goalkeeper kit plus a branded ball, available exclusively in FIFA Ultimate Team for six weeks from  . The leopard print home shirt will also be physically available from the LOVERS F.C online store. The  Team collaboration is available to buy now from  .


Why Barcelona won't be playing at their iconic Camp Nou stadium AT ALL next season for first time in over 60 years

Barcelona will leave Camp Nou for the 2023-24 season, a stadium they have called home since 1957, with their matches being played in Montjuic instead.

That's after plans to renovate their iconic fortress -   - were approved by the Barca board on Thursday.   notes that the Catalan club will receive up to  Barca have also reportedly informed both the City Council and UEFA of their decision to vacate Camp Nou for the upcoming season. It is the first time the Catalan club will play their home games away from the iconic 99,000-seater stadium since its opening in 1957, before which they enjoyed a 35-year stint at the old Camp de los Corts. Xavi's side will aim to make their last season in Camp Nou in its current form a successful one, as they sit 12 points clear at the top of La Liga, with strugglers Elche their next opponents on Saturday.


Man Utd legend Wayne Rooney begs Eddie Hearn for celebrity boxing fight after having ‘a few glasses of red’

Manchester United legend Wayne Rooney often begs to star in his own celebrity boxing match after a “few glasses of red”, Eddie Hearn has revealed.

The former England captain, who has lost his all-time goal record with the Three Lions to Harry Kane but remains the  , has never tried to hide his love of combat sports. He famously delivered a knockout goal celebration while still on the books at Old Trafford and is an avid follower of events that take place inside the ring. Hearn - as the lead man at Matchroom Boxing - could help Rooney to lace up a pair of gloves, and would welcome the opportunity to do so, but the current boss of D.C. United tends to rein in his ambition after a night on the drink. Hearn has told the  : “Rooney can fight, I’ve spoken to Wayne. When Wayne has a drink, he’ll message me and he’ll start going, ‘I’ll fight him and I’ll fight him,’ and I get excited. Sometimes I get a message from Wayne saying, ‘Make me vs so and so, make that fight.’ I’ll look at it in the morning and go, ‘This is massive’. So I’ll message him back, ‘Few glasses of red or [are you serious?]’. Then he won’t reply and I’ll go, ‘Damn.’ But Wayne can fight.” YouTube personality KSI, who often tries his hand at boxing, has claimed in the past that Rooney has floated the idea of appearing on one of his cards, while heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has stated in the past that – as an avid United supporter – he would be  Boxing Day 😉🥊  ||    For now, Rooney is focused on football matters in MLS – while also preparing to   in an exhibition match this summer – but his love of boxing will continue and there may be more messages for Hearn to contend with yet.


Erling Haaland injury update: Pep Guardiola reveals Manchester City striker COULD play in Liverpool clash as he faces crucial final training session

Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola admitted it is not yet certain whether star forward Erling Haaland will be fit to face Liverpool on Saturday.

The 22-year-old had been on fine form for City  , with a staggering nine goals in his last three goals across all competitions. But Haaland   due to a groin problem and therefore missed their European qualifiers against Spain and Georgia.  “Erling [Haaland] is recovering," the City boss told reporters, "this afternoon we have the last training session and we are going to see how he feels. We’ll see today. At the end, the doctors and the player will decide how he feels, I spoke with him, he feels good. We will see. Life is risk in these stages, we have to take it.” With a whopping 42 goals already to his name this season, the Norwegian's absence would be a hammer blow for Guardiola as they prepare for a potential season-defining matchup in Saturday's early kick-off.   having played a game less, anything but three points would see the title edge closer towards north London, meaning Haaland's inclusion could be crucial. Liverpool, meanwhile, will still be eyeing a top-four position as they sit seven points below Tottenham but with two games in hand. Anything but a victory for Jurgen Klopp's side could put that finish in jeopardy, though, with the  . The Norwegian is therefore still a doubt for a match which  . Should Haaland not feature against Liverpool, he will at least be hoping to be reintroduced to the fray by the time City travel to Southampton a week later.


‘Why now?’ - England’s James Maddison opens up on World Cup injury woes after first cap in three years against Ukraine

James Maddison opened up on his 2022 World Cup injury woes after winning his first cap for England in three years against Ukraine.

The Leicester City midfielder was called up by Gareth Southgate as part of England's squad for the 2022 World Cup. However, he was omitted from the first two matchday squads due to an injury he picked up against West Ham just before the tournament, and had to settle for being an unused substitute after returning to full fitness as England made it to the quarter-finals. Maddison has now admitted to enduring "tough times" in Qatar on the back of an unfortunate injury setback. He told reporters: "There was a lot of sad faces when I was in my room in Qatar by myself, thinking: ‘Why? Why now, this little injury, when I’ve worked so hard to get to the World Cup with everyone clamouring for me to be in the squad?’. There were tough times in my room in Qatar, FaceTiming home. It was almost like a battle with myself to say: ‘Don’t take this for granted. I might not be able to shake this injury off, but it will leave me in good stead if I show Gareth [Southgate] and the people who have questioned my personality that that’s all rubbish. I get on so well with the lads and the staff. What you see from the outside is exactly how it is. I hoped stuff like that would leave me in good stead, and it probably has." Maddison was rewarded for his mental toughness on Sunday as Southgate handed him his first cap for England since 2019 in  . "It felt great. It almost felt like a second debut," he said. "I know that doesn’t really work, but it feels a lifetime ago since that Montenegro game [in November 2019]. It felt brilliant. It’s refreshing to be out there with the lads in a strong team and a big game. I really enjoyed it. I love football — I always say it. I’ve worked hard, waited a long time for that opportunity. It feels like I’ve just been waiting so long to get the manager’s trust, and hopefully I repaid it with my performance." Maddison added on being deployed in a left-wing role instead of centre midfield: "People might [have looked] at the lineup and seen that Maddison’s on the left wing. How’s that going to work? But it’s actually a really nice position for a player like me, especially when you have Ben Chilwell at left-back, who’s such a good runner and such a threat. Gareth said to me, ‘Play with freedom, you have the licence to play in the pockets just as you do for Leicester’. It just gave me that freedom. I didn’t feel restricted. I’ll watch the game back and I’ll probably nit-pick. I probably should have scored to be honest, but I’ll try and enjoy the moment." The midfielder will now shift his focus back to Leicester City, who are struggling in the 17th place in the Premier League table and set to make a trip to Selhurst Park on Saturday to take on Crystal Palace.


Burnley vs Sunderland: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch and stream Burnley vs Sunderland in the Championship on TV and online in the United States, United Kingdom & India.

are set to host  in the   at Turf Moor on Friday. The hosts are 13 points clear at the top of the Championship standings. They just require nine points from as many matches to secure a return to the top flight but Vincent Kompany must be careful to not allow any form of complacency to creep into his side.  Meanwhile, Sunderland are in the 11th spot with 53 points from 38 matches. They are seven points adrift of a playoff spot and must pull up their socks at the business end of the campaign to squeeze into the top six. Since a draw to Bristol City at home in February they have struggled to trouble their opponents, picking up just five points from seven matches.   brings you details on how to watch the game on TV in the U.S., UK and India as well as how to stream live online.


Gary Lineker admits Match of the Day boycott by co-stars Ian Wright and Alan Shearer moved him to tears

Gary Lineker admitted he was moved to tears when fellow presenters Ian Wright and Alan Shearer boycotted MOTD to stand in solidarity with him.

The former England international   after he was asked to tender an apology by the BBC for comparing the language used in the British government’s asylum policy to that which could be found in 1930s Germany in a Twitter post. This triggered an  "I must admit, I had a tear in my eye. It just moved me, it was beautiful. When it first happened... it's one thing saying that in a moment, but then actually to carry that through, they didn't need to do that," he told The Rest is Politics podcast.  after the broadcasting company faced a backlash from figures across the game. They also agreed to review their existing social media guidance by calling in an independent expert, with a particular focus on how it applies to freelancers outside news and current affairs. Lineker has been presenting MOTD since 1999, after taking over from Des Lynam and is the longest-serving host in the programme’s history. He is expected to be back on presenting duties over the weekend as Premier League action is set to resume on April 1.


Lionel Messi presented with statue that will be placed next to Diego Maradona & Pele in CONMEBOL museum

Lionel Messi continues to be showered with praise as a World Cup and multiple Ballon d’Or winner, with a new statue of him unveiled by CONMEBOL.

 The Argentina international, who  , is being immortalised in the official museum of South American football alongside fellow legends Diego Maradona and Pele. Messi has also been presented with replicas of the World Cup and Finalissima trophies that he has helped the Albiceleste to collect over the course of a memorable 12 months. The 35-year-old, who  , has found the target on 99 occasions for Argentina and could become a centurion when facing Curacao on Tuesday.  Messi said of seeing his achievements recognised once again: “I had never dreamed or thought about this. My dream was to enjoy what I liked when I was little, to be a professional soccer player, to do what I always loved in this life. I had a very long road, many decisions and defeats, but I always looked ahead and wanted to go for a triumph, for a victory. I think that is the most important thing, to fight for your dreams, that everything is possible and to enjoy the game, which is the most beautiful thing there is.”  Messi – who remains on the books of Paris Saint-Germain for now but is seeing   or a possible   speculated on - added on landing the one major trophy that had eluded him prior to a historic tournament in the Middle East: “We are living a very special and beautiful moment, getting a lot of love. It was time for a South American team to win the World Cup again.”


WATCH: Lionel Messi's FULL spat with Wout Weghorst at 2022 World Cup revealed in explosive new footage

Footage has emerged showing Lionel Messi’s full spat with Wout Weghorst at the end of Argentina’s World Cup quarter-final win over the Netherlands.

 A fiery contest in Qatar between the Albiceleste and Oranje delivered 18 yellow cards and one red, with the eventual winners of the entire competition ultimately prevailing in a nerve-shredding penalty shootout. Tempers threatened to boil over again at the final whistle, with Dutch striker Weghorst   and lingering in his general vicinity during post-match interviews – leading to Argentina stars confronting him and  : "What are you looking at bobo (fool)? Get back there." The full incident has now been released online, which shows exactly what led to their tense exchange. The Dutchman is seen offering his hand to Messi in the tunnel, but the Argentine snubbed his olive branch. Weghorst then expressed his anger to some of Messi's team-mates, saying: "I was waiting for him and wanted to give him a hand. And he’s doing that? That’s disrespectful." Salieron escenas inéditas del episodio del "Qué mirás bobo" a Weghorst, que por primera vez se lo ve detrás de la entrevista de Gastón Edul a Messi. (FIFA+)   Messi has since  : “I don't like what I did. I don't like the 'keep moving' and all that. But well, they are moments of huge tension, huge nervousness and everything happens very fast. One reacts the way one reacts, but nothing was planned. It just happened. I don't like to leave that image, but these are things that happen.”  Weghorst, who is now on loan at Manchester United, is  , with the fallout from a memorable encounter that gripped a global audience rumbling on long after the contest in question came to a close.


WATCH: Celtic boss Fran Alonso headbutted by Rangers rival Craig McPherson after dramatic Old Firm Women’s derby

Celtic boss Fran Alonso appeared to be headbutted by Rangers rival Craig McPherson at the end a feisty women’s Old Firm derby clash on Monday.

 Two arch-rivals locked horns in the SWPL with precious points up for grabs, and there was a dramatic finish to the contest as  . McPherson was clearly angered by that outcome and was caught on camera pushing his way past players and coaches before seemingly forcing his head into the back of Alonso’s. 🗣️" We can't have that in football at all" Rangers assistant Craig McPherson appeared to try to headbutt Celtic head coach Fran Alonso at full-time after their 1-1 draw ⬇️  Alonso, who claimed to have been verbally abused as well as physically, told   afterwards: “I did not see it as he came from behind. I do not know, I did not talk to him the whole game. Obviously you are disappointed to concede a goal in the last minute, I totally get it but I don't know, I was called little rat.”  Rangers head coach Malky Thomson has confirmed that the Gers will be launching an investigation into the altercation, saying: “Without me seeing it I wouldn't comment. If that is the case there will be an investigation and we will look at it.”


Virgil van Dijk accused of 'creating chaos' for the Netherlands as Marco van Basten questions Liverpool star's captaincy credentials

Virgil van Dijk's captaincy credentials have been questioned by Marco van Basten, who says the defender "creates chaos" for the Netherlands team.

Although the   over Gibraltar in Euro 2024 qualifying on Monday, Dutch legend Van Basten was still not over   three days earlier, and singled out Van Dijk for criticism. The Liverpool star's penchant for "making noise" instead of dishing out "clear" instructions to his team-mates has been a major source of frustration for Van Basten, who has expressed doubt over his ability to lead the national team. "He makes noise, but he doesn't say anything. He is not clear. A good captain thinks aloud, makes it clear what is going on. He stays in between. He creates chaos. That leads to misunderstandings. That is what you, as a captain, must prevent," he told  "In the dressing room he is good, football tactically and technically not. You need another gentleman on the field. This has to do with leadership. He makes noise, but he says nothing. That's true. This is in you. This is wanting to win at all costs." When Van Dijk was asked to respond to Van Basten's comments after the Gibraltar game, he said to  : “This is of no use to me. Everyone is allowed to have their own opinion these days. Did I set the bar unrealistically high? How is that possible? It was never perfect, consistent is the right word. We’ve had a lot of success with the team. Football players, they know that better than anyone, have high peaks and deep lows. It’s quite normal that you can’t always play consistently. "That you have a phase as a club or player where you are looking for your level. People should not forget that. It is normal that people make mistakes, that it is part of football and that it is very human. Regardless of who gets a platform and is allowed to say what, so that things are made big. You know better than anyone when you are doing something right or not." Van Dijk will now shift his focus back to club matters at Liverpool and is expected to be in action when the Reds make a trip to the Etihad Stadium to take on Manchester City on April 1.


Ajax and adidas look back to the legendary '70s for an adidas Originals collection

Ajax never miss. 

Throwing it back to the legendary era of the 1970s, adidas and Ajax celebrate the 50th anniversary of the three back-to-back Europa Cup wins - 1971, 1972 and 1973. Presenting a retro-inspired adidas Originals collection, adidas looked to the club's reign of the '70s paying tribute to the history-defining era with archival design references and vintage details.  Featuring a football jersey, tracksuit, quarter zip top, two t-shirts and Samba footwear - the adidas Originals collection has everything you need to dress in head-to-toe Ajax greatness.  The pièce de résistance of the capsule is, of course, the ‘bring back’ football jersey, dressed in the club's iconic colours of white/red/white. The shirt itself is made from time-authentic materials and places an oversized version of the historical Ajax crest in the middle of the jersey, as typical for that era. All other articles feature the adidas Originals logo, the historical Ajax crest, and Amsterdam’s three St. Andrews crosses. Reimaging the classic Samba silhouette - football's IT shoe of the moment - adidas opts for a crème-base, with features of red as the secondary colour, as well as black and gold details, and the outsole that defines a Samba.  On closer inspection, details include the adidas Originals logo and historical Ajax crest on the tongue of the shoe, in reverse order on both tongues. The shoe also features Amsterdam’s St. Andrews crosses on the heel tab, key parts of the club anthem on the sock liner and the coordinates of former Ajax stadium ‘De Meer’ on the right collar lining of the shoe. The Ajax and adidas 70s-inspired adidas Originals collection is available to buy right now from   and the official  . Here's a closer look at all the items available: 


Confirmed: Barcelona ARE in talks to re-sign Lionel Messi from PSG

A sensational return to Barcelona could be on the cards for Lionel Messi, with vice-president Rafa Yuste confirming that talks have been opened.

It appeared at one stage as though the seven-time Ballon d’Or winner was destined to sign a new contract at Paris Saint-Germain, with an offer having been on the table there since the Argentine returned from  . No deal has been done, though, and Messi continues to   as a result. There has been talk of interest being shown in the all-time great from MLS and the Middle East, but strong professional ties to Camp Nou mean that   could take the 35-year-old back to Catalunya. Yuste has said of returning Messi to his roots at Barca, after bidding an emotion farewell to the mercurial South American in 2021: “I participated in the negotiations that sadly weren’t successful. I am still frustrated that Leo couldn’t continue playing for this club. If we talk about the Masia academy and youth players, we are talking about Leo. He arrived here when he was 12 years old. Of course, I would love to have him back. I say this personally. But I think many of our supporters would love that too, for everything he would represent if he came back., not only on a sporting, economic and social level, among other issues, but also because I think that all beautiful stories must have a happy ending. And answering your question, my answer is yes. We are in contact with them (referring to Messi and his father and agent Jorge Messi).” Several prominent figures in Barcelona,  , have left the door open for Messi to return, with first team coach Xavi hoping to see his former team-mate take in a “Last Dance” at Camp Nou. He has said of  : “It will depend on many things. We are obviously at the mercy of Financial Fair Play. But I think what it will depend on most is the wishes of Leo. He knows this is his home, that the doors are open, and that we would be delighted to have him.” Xavi added: “I have seen him grow at the club, I know him, I know the magnitude of him as a footballer. He is exemplary in many aspects. It’s normal that people are excited. It’s a Last Dance like Michael Jordan. I think the best thermometer is Camp Nou to see how Cules are. That thermometer does not fail. The field is full and the people excited, people are excited on the street.” Messi cemented his standing among the global greats during his previous stint at Barcelona, scoring 672 goals for the club through 778 appearances while also helping them to 10 La Liga titles and four Champions League crowns.


'We are busy' - Jurgen Klopp issues positive Liverpool transfer update as he reveals international break talks

Jurgen Klopp says he is "positive" about Liverpool's summer transfer business, admitting talks over potential signings have already taken place.

Speaking at a press conference on Friday ahead of the Reds' Premier League clash with Manchester City, Klopp revealed the club had been "busy" during the recent international break, as they line up a series of targets for the summer window. Klopp told reporters: "That [plan for next season] is the only thing we do [during the break], apart from have a few days off. We do not plan training sessions or things like this. On the player side, I'm positive, I would say. But there are talks, not decisions. We are busy, as you can imagine." Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham remains,  understands,  , despite strong competition from the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester City. Chelsea and England star Mason Mount is  , while there is a long-standing interest in  .  at the Etihad in the early Premier League game on Saturday (12:30 GMT).


The next Christian Pulisic or Gio Reyna? Inside Borussia Dortmund's search for the next American wonderkids in both the men's and women's game

The Bundesliga club recently welcomed its top talents from its North American academy, continuing its focus on developing future internationals

Call it scouting, call it luck, call it whatever you like, but you have to admit that Borussia Dortmund struck gold with Christian Pulisic and Gio Reyna. While many in Europe ignored the American market, Dortmund, and the Bundesliga, saw opportunity. They saw ready-made players that wouldn't require massive transfer fees, with many not requiring any at all.  That was the case for both Pulisic and Reyna, both of whom arrived in Germany on free transfers. Pulisic, meanwhile, left for the third-largest transfer fee in club history when he signed for Chelsea in a whopping €64 million (£57m/$73m). Should the club ever want to cash in on Reyna, there's no doubt that he'd go for millions as well. So, while other clubs around the world are now making their own push in the American market, Dortmund are just building on a foundation that's been laid down over the last decade or so. The hope? To find the next Pulisic or Reyna or, as they continue to expand, perhaps even the next Alex Morgan or Mallory Swanson. Dortmund, in many ways, remain committed to the U.S. and, at some point, the hope is that they'll reap the rewards once again.


'Very hopeful' - Mikel Arteta delivers William Saliba injury update ahead of Arsenal's Premier League title push

Mikel Arteta has confirmed William Saliba will miss Saturday’s game with Leeds, but says he is ‘hopeful’ the defender will play again this season.

 Saliba has not featured for Arsenal since   earlier this month with a back problem. The centre-back has not yet even been able to return to training due to the issue, which forced him to miss his first Premier League game of the season against Crystal Palace before the international break. Rob Holding replaced him for the 4-1 success and is  .  Speaking at his pre-match press conference ahead of Saturday’s clash with Leeds, Arteta said: “He [Saliba] is progressing. Unfortunately, he feels some discomfort in his back and we are trying to manage him in the best possible way. He’s not going to be fit for this game [against Leeds] but we are trying, he is trying to do everything he can to feel better and get back training, but not yet. We don’t know if it happened the previous game as he had a very awkward landing against Fulham but before that he was fine."  When pushed on whether Saliba would be able to feature again this season, Arteta added: “Yeah, I’m very hopeful and he is as well. Back injuries are a bit tricky, how they evolve with the load in certain areas but he’s very positive about it, the medical staff are positive about it, so let’s push it every day a little bit and see how he copes with that and how the pain develops. He’s so willing to be back with the team. "Hopefully we [can] get the right load for him, the right amount of rest that he needs while we’re keeping him active. And the pain starts to go away and we are more comfortable with the images we have of him that we can start to take him to the pitch and do certain activities with him. That’s it."  The Gunners host Leeds United on Saturday looking to maintain their lead at the top of the table.


'We have to catch them up!' - Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta full of praise for women's team after Champions League victory

Mikel Arteta says his Arsenal team have to "catch up" the women's side after he watched them reach the Women's Champions League semi-finals this week.

 Arteta was spotted in the crowd at the Emirates on Wednesday night  . Midfielder Frida Maanum levelled the tie on aggregate with an absolute rocket before Stina Blackstenius' header a few minutes later eventually proved the difference.  They remain the only English side to have won the trophy after triumphing back in 2007.  Speaking about the women's team reaching the last four in his press conference on Friday, Arteta said: “It was beautiful. It was great to have the experience to live it there and the crowd that we had in the game, especially the way they played. In the first half it was a real joy to watch. "It is a big achievement, it hasn't happened for many, many years at the club and we have to catch them up. This is the beauty of it, getting things inside the club that are inspiring for each other and can make us closer and better.” Asked about  , he added: "Beautiful. The moment the ball left her feet we knew it was going in. It is just a beautiful finish.”  Arsenal's men's team haven't played in the Champions League since the 2016-17 season but are well on course to secure a return to the competition this year as they battle with Manchester City for the Premier League title.  Arteta's team face Leeds on Saturday afternoon as they look to maintain - or extend - the eight point lead they have at the top of the Premier League table. Eidevall's side, meanwhile, have a huge crunch clash with second-placed Manchester City on Sunday as they try to reassert themselves in their own title race.


PSG doing EVERYTHING in desperate last-ditch attempt to keep Lionel Messi & will give him whatever money he wants

Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly readying a desperate last-ditch bid to keep Lionel Messi on their books, with more money set to be thrown his way.

The iconic Argentine forward has stopped short of committing to a new contract at Parc des Princes and will become a free agent this summer if no extension to his current deal is put in place. PSG have  , after seeing the all-time great become a World Cup winner at Qatar 2022, and remain eager to reach an agreement that suits all parties. Barcelona have, however, confirmed that  . With the South American’s head being turned,   reports that the reigning Ligue 1 title holders have informed Messi’s entourage that they will pay whatever it takes to get a deal done. They are also open to revising the +1 clause that was included in an initial contract from the summer of 2021. Messi – who has also been linked with teams in MLS and the Middle East – is yet to state in public what his intentions are and has seen questions asked of his ongoing commitment to PSG. Indeed, he has been subjected to jeers from fans while he also   on his last appearance at club level – which came before he   with Argentina.


'Just rubbish!' - Man Utd's Wout Weghorst admits to lacking 'quality' after failing to score in Netherlands' 51-shot assault on Gibraltar net

Wout Weghorst admitted to lacking "quality" after a "rubbish" performance for the Netherlands during their 3-0 victory over Gibraltar on Monday.

 thanks to Memphis Depay's opener and a second-half brace from Nathan Ake. The visitors were reduced to 10 men in the 51st minute, which further boosted the Dutch attack as they ended up recording 51 shots at goal. Weghorst was only responsible for four of those efforts, and managed to test the goalkeeper just once as his struggles in front of goal continued. The Manchester United striker also drew a blank in the Netherlands' 3-0 loss to France last Friday, and is making no excuses for his lack of cutting edge. "There were a few situations where I was close, but just not all the way. It’s just… just rubbish," Weghorst told   after the match. "Unlucky? Whether it’s just bad luck… Ultimately, it’s also quality. You have to be honest about that too. You can call it bad luck, but that last ball of mine was allowed in. As a striker you know that you can score in these kinds of competitions."  across all competitions for United since joining the club on loan from Burnley in January. He is yet to open his account in the Premier League, and Dutch legend Ruud Gullit was scathing in his criticism of the 30-year-old after the Gibraltar game. "I always look at him in a weird way. I have a lot of admiration for him, but at the same time I think: he is not good enough for Manchester United and the Orange. Every now and then you see defects," Gullit told  Weghrost will hope to turn around his fortunes if he is given the opportunity by Erik ten Hag against Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday.


Will Jude Bellingham sign for Liverpool? Jordan Henderson hoping to see ‘amazing’ transfer pushed through

Jordan Henderson is clinging to the hope that Liverpool can put an “amazing” transfer deal in place for Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham.

Serious   in Germany heading towards the summer, with interest in a big-money deal building steadily. Bellingham’s current ability and future potential has been noted by leading sides across Europe, with Real Madrid and   preparing to form an orderly queue for his signature.  , having been linked with him for some time, and Reds captain Henderson would be delighted to see   join him at Anfield. Henderson has said of the Bellingham transfer talk: “Listen, I just want him to be the best player he can be. Of course, if it ended up being Liverpool that would be amazing. But it’s got to be right for him and it’s going to be every club you can think of that will want him. He has to think about himself and make sure he makes the right decision for his career. But there’s going to be one lucky club that will end up getting him, whether that is now or in a year or two, it will be a lucky club.” Bellingham has continued to star for club and country in 2022-23, with Henderson admitting that the sky is the limit for the hottest of prospects. Asked to compare the teenager’s progress with that which he made in his own career, Henderson added: “He’s a lot better than me, that’s the difference. Mentality-wise, we’re similar, in terms of dedicating my life, done all the right things and try to improve and be better every day.cI can see that, but he’s better than I was at that age for sure. He’s a special player, but I’ve said it before, we just need to be careful not to apply too much pressure on him but let him play football. When you let him play football you can see what he does for Dortmund, you can see what he does here for England. Every time he puts on an England shirt he grows and is getting better and better all the time. Of course there are things he can improve on and get better at — he’s only 19 — but the platform and the basis he has got, he can go as high as he wants to.” Bellingham has   for Dortmund at times this season, while a personal-best goal return that already sees him in double figures has helped BVB to edge above arch-rivals Bayern Munich at the top of the Bundesliga table.


Marcus Rashford was offered £400,000-a-week deal by PSG as Man Utd take ‘no major steps forward’ in contract talks

Manchester United have reportedly taken “no major steps forward” in contract talks with Marcus Rashford, with PSG keeping a close eye on developments.

The England international has been in stunning form this season, posting   with two months of the 2022-23 campaign still to take in. Rashford has enjoyed a remarkable return to prominence, having struggled for a spark last term, and is considered to be one of the top-performing players on the planet. Rashford has become a talismanic presence for United once more, but – with a 12-month extension already triggered – his current contract at Old Trafford is due to expire in 2024.   as yet, with   reporting that little progress is being made in discussions. It is claimed that PSG had an offer worth more than £400,000-a-week on the table for Rashford at one stage, and were unable to tempt the England ace to France, but they will not be going away and United need to move quickly and decisively if they are to   on their books.


Thomas Tuchel opens up on shock Chelsea exit & how meeting to sack him only lasted FIVE MINUTES

Thomas Tuchel admits that his sacking at Chelsea did come as a surprise, with the meeting relieving him of his duties lasting just five minutes.

The German tactician was  , with a slow start to the current campaign costing him his job. Tuchel had previously overseen Champions League and FIFA Club World Cup triumphs for the Blues, but no sentiment was shown when he was ushered through the exits without much hesitation. Tuchel has said of being axed by Chelsea after taking in exactly 100 games at their helm: “It was a shock. The meeting only lasted 3-5 minutes at eight in the morning. We all thought we were on the right track and had more time to build something. Now I have found a new challenge. We had a good relationship with people there (Chelsea). I still have a lot of friends at Chelsea and that's not going to change.” Tuchel spent several months out of work after leaving west London but, having been linked with prominent posts across Europe, he is now back in the dugout as  . He considers that to be  , with the Bavaria native saying: “My family lives nearby. I drove past the Allianz Arena for my job back at FC Augsburg for years. That's why it feels very good now, I'm enjoying every day. Working so close to my home town and home state is special.” Tuchel’s first game in charge of Bayern is set to see him run into familiar opposition, with a crunch Der Klassiker clash with his former employers at Borussia Dortmund taking place at the Allianz Arena on Saturday. BVB currently hold a slender one-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga table.


Mikel Arteta warns USMNT target Folarin Balogun amid ongoing international tug-of-war with England

Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has warned Folarin Balogun not to let his head get turned by all the debate over his international future.

USMNT coach Anthony Hudson confirmed talks had taken place  Arsenal striker Balogun, who is wanted by England, the United States and Nigeria,  , who are looking to get the striker to commit to them ahead of the 2026 World Cup.  , making it clear that he needed to play in the Premier League before he could be considered for the senior England squad.  When asked what advice he would give to Balogun, who has scored 17 goals while on loan in France with Reims this season, Arteta said: "To focus on today and continue to do what he has been doing. "He has been phenomenal, so keep doing what you’re doing and don’t think about anything else. The rest of the things will come naturally. I would try to do what he has been doing. It has been working really well for him and the team."  Balogun has now returned to France following his trip to the United States.  .  The striker returns to action with Reims on Sunday in Ligue 1 where he'll look to extend his goalscoring run that  .


Revealed: Why Chelsea are trying to DELAY Anthony Barry joining Bayern Munich as Thomas Tuchel remains absolutely determined to get his man

Thomas Tuchel admitted it is still his "absolute wish" to have Anthony Barry join him at Bayern Munich, but Chelsea are attempting to delay the move.

The set-piece coach has been working with the Blues since 2020 and struck up a relationship with Tuchel when he joined partway through the 2020-21 season. Barry was therefore a part of the German's Champions League-winning staff, and the   hasn't hidden his desire for a reunion, telling reporters on Friday:  It is not the first time Tuchel has been vocal about   since his announcement as Bayern boss on Monday, as Chelsea responded by   as talks continue. Potter appeared resigned to  in Friday's press conference, telling reporters: "Of course, I have spoken to Anthony. I’d like the conversation to be private. He is someone I respect a lot, he has given everything to Chelsea. "Antony is in discussions, the clubs are in discussions at the moment around his situation. So he is not with us at the moment, I think that’s the best thing while that is getting resolved. At the moment there is nothing to report between the two clubs. I have huge respect for Anthony and what he has done here. He is a fantastic coach, a fantastic person. These things happen in life, in football. We have got a really good staff here that can fill in and fill the gap." Chelsea face up against holders Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-finals, and were  . Should results go a certain way, a semi-final clash could be set up with the German giants, an eventuality which is reportedly the main reason for delaying Barry's potential move to Bavaria. Asked whether the possibility of Barry feeding Bayern tactical advice on the Blues was under consideration in said talks, Potter replied: “That is something I’m pretty sure is in the conversation for obvious reasons.” Without Barry and with half an eye on their European endeavours, Potter's side return to Premier League action against Aston Villa on Saturday, where only goal difference separates the two sides in mid-table.


Mason Mount IS interested in reuniting with Thomas Tuchel at Bayern Munich in blow to Chelsea's hopes of keeping him

Mason Mount is reportedly keen to secure a move to Bayern Munich this summer, reuniting with his old boss Thomas Tuchel.

Following former Blues boss Tuchel's appointment as Bayern head coach, the German champions have become  . For some time, the Chelsea midfielder - who faces competition from a raft of new signings - has been linked with a move away. According to   a switch to the Bundesliga appeals to the England international. Mount's contract expires at the end of next season, and with Chelsea spending big in the last two transfer windows, cashing in on the 24-year-old before his deal runs out seems like an attractive option. If Bayern was the destination, he'd be reunited with Thomas Tuchel, the man who helped guide the Blues to Champions League glory in 2021. The midfielder's future at the club remains uncertain, but Bayern aren't the only club interested in snatching him up. According to reports, Liverpool are also keen on making a move for him. The most pressing concern, however, is helping the Blues salvage what has been a disappointing season. That starts tomorrow with a  .


Blow for Christian Pulisic as USMNT star could miss yet another Chelsea match due to illness

Christian Pulisic's status for Saturday's match against Aston Villa is up in the air as the Chelsea star could miss out due to illness.

 Pulisic recently returned to Chelsea after representing the U.S. men's national team during the international break, leading the way as captain in a 7-1 win over Grenada and a  The winger has returned to London with an illness, which could be something stemming from USMNT duty. After the El Salvador match, interim coach Anthony Hudson , while it appears Gio Reyna's status for Borussia Dortmund's clash with Bayern will also be impacted by some kind of illness. Christian Pulisic is the only one we’re not sure about really," Graham Potter revealed at his pre-match press conference. "He’s had a heavy cold returning from international duty. So he’s the one we’ve just got to check on." Pulisic only recently returned to the field for Chelsea, having been out from January to early March due to injury. He will be riding high after a solid international break, though, after providing a goal and two assists in the win over Grenada.  It'll be a short turnaround for Chelsea after Saturday's match against Villa, as the Blues then host Liverpool on Tuesday.


Ex-Leeds boss Jesse Marsch 'taking time to consider next step' while reflecting on spell at club 'with great pride'

Jesse Marsch says he'll take some time to consider his next step after being dismissed by Leeds in February.

The American coach put a statement out on Twitter to reflect on his time at the club after  . Marsch says that he looks back on his Leeds tenure with great pride, citing the club's successful relegation fight in 2021-22, while saying he'll be taking some time to decide on his next opportunity. " I'm also grateful to have worked with a great group of players and staff and to have met some fantastic people in Yorkshire. I'm taking some time to consider the right next step but until then, I'll be enjoying time with family & friends.  Marsch has been linked with the  , although a decision on that won't be made until after the U.S. Soccer settles on a sporting director. For now, it appears he'll wait until at least the summer to assess what opportunities will be available. Entering this weekend's match  , Leeds sit 14th in the Premier League. They are, however, just two points out of the relegation zone, with nine teams within three points of the bottom three.


Revealed: The key to Lionel Messi's Barcelona return as he seeks face-to-face meeting with Joan Laporta to bury the hatchet

Several things must fall into place if Lionel Messi is to return to Barcelona next term, including a reconciliation with president Joan Laporta.

The Argentina star sees his contract at French giants Paris Saint-Germain expire in three months' time, with  . Naturally, this has prompted countless rumours on Messi's next destination, most prominently a return to Barca, who have been  . Messi still shares a good relationship with current manager Xavi and, according to  , his family are eager for a return to Catalonia. However, that same report continues that work will need to be done to reconcile his relationship with Laporta. This was broken following the sudden termination of the player's contract ahead of the 2021-22 campaign, and aggravated further when the president publicly added that he would have liked Messi to play "for free". Therefore, both   and   write that a face-to-face meeting will need to be called by Laporta, in order to explain past choices and bury the hatchet once and for all. However, that's not all.   go on to note that Messi still wants to play at the highest level, which could put to bed  . Despite plans for  , on the pitch Barca have made less progress. Xavi's side have failed to make it beyond the group stage of their last two Champions League campaigns in Messi's absence, although are 12 points clear at the top of La Liga this season with 12 games to play. Perhaps most important, though, is the financial element. The Catalan club have already been constrained to   amid their precarious financial situation, which was why Messi was forced out in the first place.   continues that without Barca reducing their wage bill by €200 million next term, the move simply cannot go ahead, and in any case Messi will have to accept a significant drop in salary. With three months left on his current deal and with suitors both in Europe  , the Argentina captain will undoubtedly take his time to mull over a decision on his future. Ultimately, though, should these factors not go his way, a return to his boyhood club may be taken out of his hands altogether.


13 fun facts about Bukayo Saka

Everything you need to know about Arsenal's star-boy Bukayo Saka.

Bukayo Saka is a young professional football player who was born on September 5, 2001, in Ealing, London, England to Nigerian parents. He has been at Arsenal since the age of seven, making his first-team debut in 2018 after progressing through the levels. The England winger's excellent performances have earned him several accolades. He was named the Arsenal Player of the Month for December 2019 and December 2020 and the Premier League Player of the Month for July 2020. He was also named in the 2020 PFA Premier League Team of the Year and was the runner-up for the 2020 Arsenal Player of the Season. Saka is known for his versatility, technical ability, and exceptional work rate on the field. At just 5'10", he compensates for his lack of physicality with his quick feet and agility. For England, Saka has become an integral part of the team, having made his debut for the Three Lions in October 2020. He was a part of England's 2020 Euro campaign, playing in five of their seven games. Off the field, Saka is known for his humility and down-to-earth personality. He is a big advocate for social justice and equality, and has spoken out about the need to tackle racism in football and society as a whole. Here are 13 interesting facts about Saka that you absolutely need to know.


How to buy Liverpool tickets: Prices, package deals, membership & season ticket information

Everything you need to know about getting Liverpool tickets and where to stay near Anfield

As the   and   season gets well underway, football fans have already been treated to a plethora of goals, skills and shock results. Thankfully, there is plenty more action to look forward to over the course of the season – and who better to watch than one of Europe’s most exciting footballing giants,  ? The Reds are team that is steeped in history and they are still fighting for some of football’s most prestigious prizes. Whether it’s battling Manchester City for the Premier League title, or going toe-to-toe with Real Madrid to claim the Champions League, fans can expect another season of thrills from Jurgen Klopp’s side. With a guarantee of electrifying football at both ends of the pitch, and one of the most atmospheric grounds in the world, it’s no surprise that tickets to see Liverpool play are in high demand. Thankfully for Reds fans there are plenty of options to see the likes of Mohamed Salah, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Darwin Nunez in the flesh. Liverpool offer a variety of tickets for fans, whether this is your first game or if you are a long-standing member of the club. To purchase a ticket you must be a Liverpool FC member. Members of the club need to   for tickets and will be put into a ballot to be drawn for the game. Fans will then receive an email, if successful, to purchase tickets. There are also options to buy tickets depending on how many games you have been to so far this season through the club’s  .  The club also provides ‘ ’ sale tickets for anyone with a postcode starting with ‘L’. Available several days before the match, fans can register for tickets through the club’s website which are subject to availability. Unsurprisingly, demand is often high, leaving many fans to head to resale sites such as   in their efforts to bag tickets. Tier Stand Adult Over 65 Junior Y. Adult 1 £59.00 £44.00 £9.00 £29.50 2 £57.00 £43.00 £9.00 £28.50 3 £55.00 £41.00 £9.00 £27.50 4 £53.00 £40.00 £9.00 £26.50 5 £48.00 £36.00 £9.00 £24.00 6 £47.00 £35.00 £9.00 £23.50 7 £46.00 £34.50 £9.00 £23.00 8 £43.00 £32.00 £9.00 £21.50 9 £42.00 £31.50 £9.00 £21.00 10 £39.00 £29.00 £9.00 £19.50 11 £37.00 £28.00 £9.00 £18.50 12 £9.00 £9.00 £9.00 £9.00 In order to purchase an official ticket through the club to see Liverpool play at Anfield, you   be a member of the club. There are two types of Liverpool FC memberships -  (ages 16+) and   (0-16). Adult memberships start from £26.99 a year, while Junior memberships start from £19.99. Memberships offer fans a range of benefits from access to an allocation of tickets to exclusive Liverpool FC content and benefits throughout the season. There are several hotels for visitors to stay around Anfield stadium, and others continually opening up. The interactive map below shows what is available within the immediate vicinity of the ground, although many visitors also choose to stay in the city centre which is only a short taxi or bus ride away. The best way to guarantee a seat at Anfield is by purchasing a  . Season tickets are available to purchase via the Liverpool website before the start of the season and one entitles you to a designated seat for every game. Fans can choose their seats for the season in any of the stands, ensuring that you never miss a moment of the action. However, it should be noted that the club currently has a long   to purchase season tickets which stretches into the thousands and is no longer accepting any new applications. For the full match-day experience at Anfield nothing beats making use of the   options. Fans have access to seven different packages, whether you want to enjoy the food and drink at   or go for the full four-course meal at   restaurant. Each hospitality option comes with drinks and canapes on arrival, half-time refreshments and the chance to meet a former Liverpool player, plus watching a thrilling game from some of the best seats in the house. To find the best deals on Liverpool’s hospitality packages,   offer a wide range of promotions for fans to make the most out of their match-day experience. TravelZoo source the top deals, no matter what experience you are looking for, thanks to their partnerships with over 5,000 top travel suppliers. Go to  to find hospitality tickets for the latest Liverpool fixtures.  Over recent seasons Liverpool has enjoyed plenty of success in the Champions League under Jurgen Klopp – including the historic win against Spurs in 2019. Thanks to the club’s recent finishes in the Premier League the Reds have cemented their place among Europe’s elite and there are few better footballing atmospheres in the world than Anfield. Tickets for all Liverpool cup games, including the Champions League and FA Cup, are available via the club’s  . This allows both official members and season ticket holders to secure home tickets throughout the season when they become available. Much like the regular season home games these tickets are available for Liverpool FC members and season ticket holders only. There are several websites across the internet that offer deals and discounts on Anfield stadium tours.  currently offer stadium tours from £46 for two or from £37 for one adult and one child. The tour lasts approximately one hour and as well as access to The Boot Room Cafe and The Liverpool FC Story museum, also takes you around the famous stadium where the guide will take those in attendance through a journey of 125 years of the club's history. On the same website, you can also buy an  where you will get a three-course lunch and a Q&A session with a legend from Liverpool's past.   to discover more.


Erling Haaland signs with Nike! Man City star ends months of adidas & PUMA speculation by penning new boot deal

Erling Haaland has ended months of speculation by signing a brand-new boot deal with Nike.

The Manchester City striker has put to bed links with adidas and PUMA by signing a huge boot deal with the US sports manufacturer. Confirmed  , the new contract is the latest twist in the tale of Haaland's unconventional approach to boot deals.  , wearing a variety of different boots over the years. A new era of #9.  is a Force Of Nature. Are you ready?   Since the Norwegian superstar first broke through at Molde,   including the Dream Speed and the Vapor 14 (and also getting a few special commemorative editions made). That being said, Haaland has also flirted with adidas boots - he surprised fans by wearing speedportal boots for the 2022 Community Shield - hence the links with the German sports giants. There's one thing that never seems to change, regardless of the boots, though – goals. Scoring a remarkable 28 times in 26 appearances and   along the way, Haaland's first season in the Premier League has been seriously impressive. However, the 22-year-old striker faces a tough test in his next match, as  , a team that have given them plenty of trouble in recent years. Despite 2022-23 Liverpool not being a vintage side, it's likely to still be a high-quality game, with plenty on the line for both sides.


'I'm not Harry Potter!' - Erik ten Hag's hilarious reaction to Marcus Rashford's incredible form & confirms he's set to face Newcastle

Erik ten Hag joked that he hadn't used any magic powers to create Marcus Rashford's incredible form for Manchester United this season.

The red-hot forward has   across all competitions this campaign, and has helped take United firmly into Champions League qualification. Despite this upturn in form coinciding with the appointment of Ten Hag at the helm, the Dutchman insisted that he alone cannot be held responsible - and joked he was not the famous wizard from children's fiction. "It's not about just a talk - I'm not Harry Potter!" the Dutchman told reporters in Friday's press conference. "It's a process, there are many tools that you put in in your management to let people get to their best form and best shape. It's about line-up, way of [playing], coaching, formal or informal talks, it's about coaches working with him. But especially, it's a lot about himself, because he has the skills. When he has the best attitude, the best mentality, then he will score goals." Ten Hag will welcome Rashford back to the fray after a period out on the sidelines, which saw him   from Gareth Southgate's recent England squad.  , United are yet to tie down the forward to a deal beyond his current contract which expires in 2024, but Rashford was   that he would be leaving the club anytime soon. Rashford's tally of 27 goals places him behind only Kylian Mbappe (31) and Erling Haaland (42) in this season's scoring charts around Europe's top-five leagues. After some  , the 25-year-old will be raring to go for United's first Premier League game back, which comes away at Newcastle on Sunday.


Dortmund & USMNT star Gio Reyna ruled out of blockbuster Bundesliga title clash against Bayern Munich

Gio Reyna will miss Borussia Dortmund's clash with Bayern Munich due to illness, manager Edin Terzic confirmed on Friday.

Reyna recently started both U.S. men's national team games during the international break, featuring in wins over Grenada and El Salvador. It appears, though, that the international break has left a few USMNT stars ill, with Anthony Hudson revealing that Weston McKennie   before Graham Potter announced Friday that Christian Pulisic  You can add Reyna to that list as well, with Terzic saying the midfielder will be unavailable for a vital match. "Gio Reyna and Thomas Meunier are out," Terzic said. "Gio came back from his international trip with a cold and has been lying flat since yesterday." Reyna has recently been deployed as a supersub by Terzic, although the goals have dried up a bit since his explosion off the bench in his initial appearances post-World Cup. He'll now miss a crucial game against Bayern, who enter the weekend just one point behind Dortmund at the top of the Bundesliga table. After Saturday's crucial clash with Bayern, Dortmund will face a congested week due to the DFB-Pokal. They'll visit RB Leipzig in the quarterfinals on Wednesday before returning to Bundesliga play on April 8 for a match against another title contender, Union Berlin.


Ruud van Nistelrooy opens up on Cristiano Ronaldo BUST UP at Man Utd and admits he wasn't patient enough with young stars

Former striker Ruud van Nistelrooy revealed all on a training ground incident between him and Cristiano Ronaldo while at Manchester United.

The current PSV Eindhoven boss joined the Red Devils back in 2001 from his current employers, and welcomed a baby-faced Ronaldo to the club two years later. Speaking with former team-mate Gary Neville on  , both admitted that it  , although Van Nistelrooy admitted the spat between the two was "really blown up." People talk about the Ronaldo situation a lot don't they," Neville began. "I was frustrated at the time because I was used to playing with David [Beckham]. It was telepathy, we knew exactly what he was going to do. Then Cristiano came and it was different. He was running everywhere he would dribble, he would be unpredictable." Asked about feeling frustration with his new Portuguese team-mate, Van Nistelrooy replied: "'It got a bit out of hand with that situation. I think the way we are in a relationship Cristiano and I is fine, now, in general. It's been really blown up. It was an argument in training. That's the story but in the end we figured it out together and we moved on and the relationship is perfect." Indeed, the Dutchman went on to win an FA Cup and League Cup trophy in his three years alongside Ronaldo, before leaving to join Spanish giants Real Madrid in 2006. The pair enjoyed half a season together at Madrid in 2009-10, during which  . But Van Nistelrooy admitted he should have been "more patient" with youngsters during his time at United, such as Ronaldo. "It was a transition moment in the team with younger guys," he added. "[Wayne] Rooney came, Ronaldo came, young promising guys. We needed some time to adjust. I would also talk to me now if I was coaching. I would say 'this is a transition moment, you need to have patience with these young guys'. We didn't have patience." , the Dutchman will lead his PSV side out in their Eredivisie return away at NEC Nijmegen on Saturday.


'Relax, dog!' - Arsenal's Aaron Ramsdale names USMNT star Matt Turner funniest teammate with hysterical example of goalkeeper's 'Americanisms'

Aaron Ramsdale has named Matt Turner as his funniest Arsenal teammate, although the U.S. men's national team star's humor isn't always intentional.

Speaking to CBS Sports, Ramsdale denied claims that he is the funniest member of the Arsenal squad. Instead, the England goalkeeper replied, that it is "Matt Turner, unintentionally", before offering up a story while barely being able to contain his laughter. "Just American, Americanisms. We played Man City in the FA Cup. Kevin De Bruyne went to speak to the ref and Matt Turner's response was 'Relax, dog! It's a dogfight out there'. He's going to war, man. It's a dogfight out there, man." Always ready for a dogfight. 🐶    Turner has served as Ramsdale's backup since arriving at Arsenal this summer, having joined after emerging as one of the best goalkeepers in MLS with the New England Revolution. Turner has made seven appearances so far, all of which have come in the FA Cup and Europa League. Turner recently found out that he's having a baby girl,  The Gunners will face Leeds this weekend in the first match after the international break, which saw Turner and the USMNT win matches against Grenada and El Salvador.


Huge blow for Napoli as in-form Victor Osimhen could MISS Champions League tie against AC Milan due to injury

In-form forward Victor Osimhen could miss Napoli's Champions League tie against Milan, after a muscle injury has ruled him out of Serie A action.

Serie A leaders Napoli have racked up a massive 19-point lead at the top of the table, but star striker Osimhen has been ruled out of action at a crucial period in their season.  . As a result, he's certain to miss Napoli's league fixture against Milan this weekend, and the 24-year-old remains a doubt for the following games. Unfortunately for Milan, one of these upcoming fixtures is a huge Champions League clash, also against Milan. Taking place on 12 April,   against the Rossoneri represents a huge chance for the Serie A leaders; however, it's unlikely that Osimhen will be available. Manager Luciano Spalletti will be desperate to get the Nigeria international back for the second round of the tie, but it's currently unclear how long Osimhen will be out for. but they have a fantastic opportunity to change that. While strong opponents, Milan are a beatable team, and given Napoli's electric form this season, Spalletti's side will fancy their chances. After their game against Milan in the league this Sunday, the Partenopei are off to Lecce for a Serie A match they'll be expected to win. Then comes Napoli's huge clash at San Siro, with or without Osimhen, in the Champions League quarter-finals.


Revealed: The Premier League club who spent the most on agent fees in the last year - and it's NOT Chelsea

The FA have released details about how much each Premier League club is spending on agents fees – and there are some staggering figures on show.

In the last two transfer windows, English clubs have outspent the rest of Europe by a long way. But one element of the transfer market we don't often get an insight into is the role of agents. However, that's changed with the release of new figures outlining how much each Premier League club has spent on agent fees since February 2022. And despite Chelsea's dramatic splashing of cash in the past two windows, the Blues aren't top of the list. The club that has spent the most on agent fees in the last year is Manchester City. The huge role played by agents in modern football is a point of contention for many within the game, but it's something that's unlikely to change any time soon. This data details just how much money English clubs are spending on agent fees; according to the figures, last season's champions Manchester City spent a net total of over £51m on agent fees in the last year, closely followed by Chelsea's £43m. The smallest Premier League outlay came from Nottingham Forest, who spent 4,353,186 — given that , this might come as a surprise!  The club's billionaire owner Sheikh Mansour has invested heavily since completing his takeover in September 2008. In order to secure the signings of world-class players like  , these kinds of agent fees are standard practice. And as they continue to seek league titles and European trophies, those big money transfers aren't going to be slowing down any time soon.


Lotte Wubben-Moy replaces Millie Bright in England squad for Finalissima clash against Brazil with Chelsea star to continue injury rehab at club

Arsenal defender Lotte Wubben-Moy has been called up to England's squad to face Brazil, as Chelsea's Millie Bright withdraws through injury.

The 24-year-old will link up with the Three Lions' 25-player squad after the weekend's WSL action with the Gunners. Bright, meanwhile, will continue her rehabilitation with Chelsea, having been sidelined since the first leg of the Blues' UWCL quarter-final against Lyon -  England take on South America's reigning champions Brazil in the inaugural women's Finalissima, to take place next Thursday in a sold-out Wembley Stadium. Despite not featuring in the Lioness' triumphant Euros run on home soil, Wubben-Moy's call up is a reward for her defensive displays for the Gunners this term, which included an impressive showing as a first-half substitute  For Bright, though, it is confirmation on the severity of her injury, with Chelsea releasing the following statement on Friday: "The club can today confirm that defender Millie Bright has withdrawn from the England squad ahead of the Lionesses' upcoming camp. Millie is undergoing assessment on an injury sustained during our UEFA Women’s Champions League first leg fixture against Lyon on 22 March. An update on Millie’s condition will be provided in due course." After Thursday's Finalissima, Sarina Wiegman's side will host 2023 World Cup hosts Australia in aid of the Alzheimer’s Society, which will take place at Brentford's Gtech Community Stadium 


Kevin De Bruyne remains otherworldly! Man City midfielder leads Belgium past Germany while Leon Goretzka's injury will give Thomas Tuchel trouble

Kevin De Bruyne scored once and assisted twice as he captained his Belgium side to a historic 3-2 victory over Germany in Tuesday's friendly.

Questions were raised about Germany defensively against Peru and their openness was duly exploited by Domenico Tedesco's side on Tuesday. Kevin De Bruyne in particular was in a clinical mood, finding Yannick Carrasco in acres of space for Belgium's first before sliding through Romelu Lukaku for his fourth goal in two matches,  . Germany looked nervous in front of the Cologne crowd and Dodi Lukebakio should have sealed the victory early on, having run the length of the pitch only to shoot narrowly wide. Despite Hansi Flick's side being handed a lifeline through Niclas Fullkrug's penalty just before half-time, Germany were unable to make the most of a largely dominant second period. Leandro Trossard came on to great effect having, once again, found himself in plenty of space on the counter-attack, as he hooked a pass back for De Bruyne to finish expertly and put the match to bed. Serge Gnabry was able to grab a late consolation which made for a nervy finish, but the match ended 3-2 to give Belgium their first win over Germany in 17 attempts. That was a captain's performance from  . Germany seemed almost inexplicably exposed at times, but it still needed a master touch to thread the right ball through. Both passes to Carrasco and Lukaku were expertly timed and perfectly weighted, and the Belgium skipper was even on hand to provide a few vital defensive interceptions when his team were up against it. The fine finish on the end of Trossard's pass epitomised De Bruyne's complete display, and it was the ending his stellar performance deserved on the night. How Pep Guardiola will be looking forward to having him back for the business end of the season.  Despite the clear warning signs against Peru, it is evident that a lot of work still needs to be done by Flick to fix his side's defensive frailties. But the big loser from Tuesday night falls to another manager, as Leon Goretzka's injury means   may now be without his key midfielder for a crucial first game against Dortmund on Saturday. The Bayern star had to be hooked after just 30 minutes with what looked to be an ankle injury, as Tuchel is left sweating on his availability ahead of key fixtures in the league, as well as in Europe against Manchester City. After a pulsating victory in Tuesday's friendly match, attention now turns to club football, where Goretzka's injury could prove to be a significant loss for Tuchel's title-chasing Bayern.  ⭐


Fabio Paratici is GONE! Tottenham director of football steps back from role pending outcome of appeal against worldwide football ban

Tottenham released a statement on Friday confirming director of football Fabio Paratici has stepped down back his role at the club.

The decision comes after the ban handed to the Italian for his involvement in Juventus' recent corruption scandal  . The ban, handed down from the Italian FA (FIGC) for alleged financial irregularities during his time in Turin, initially applied to Italian football. But its extension worldwide couldn't have come at a worse time for Spurs, who are currently on the hunt for a new manager  . While both Paratici and the club await the outcome of an appeal on that decision, Spurs have revealed that they have parted ways, with the Italian set for "an immediate leave of absence". A statement on Tottenham's   read as follows: "This week - 29 March 2023 - the FIFA Disciplinary Committee announced a decision to extend the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) sanctions, relating to Fabio Paratici, worldwide. This decision was taken in advance of Fabio Paratici’s Appeal hearing against the FIGC sanctions on 19 April 2023, the result of which would then have been considered by additional stakeholders, including the Club. "Given FIFA’s unexpected ruling the sanctions may now have multi-jurisdictional effect, although they are still related to the FIGC Appeal. In view of FIFA’s decision, Fabio has agreed with the Club that he will take an immediate leave of absence pending the outcome of his Appeal." According to  's David Ornstein, Paratici met with Spurs players on Friday to inform them of the situation, before a joint decision was made with the club for him to step back from his duties from April 19, the date of the outcome of his appeal. The ex-director of football is just one of 11 former Juve executives to be hit with a ban, while the club themselves were handed a  The decision leaves Tottenham in disarray. The club presided over by Daniel Levy now faces a battle to find the club's managerial successor to the recently dismissed Conte, in a competitive market  . Doing so without a director of football seems an arduous, if not ill-advised, task, meaning Levy can Co will be almost immediately on the hunt for a new Spurs chief, in what looks set to be a tumultuous period of change in north London.   Amid all this noise off the field, interim boss Cristian Stellini will lead his side out away at relegation battlers Everton on Monday, who themselves are .


Explained: Portland Timbers' 'liar' controversy between goalkeeper Aljaz Ivacic and Giovanni Savarese

Injuries have plagued the Portland Timbers so far this year and now so has controversy, as goalkeeper Aljaz Ivacic is at odds with his manager.

 On Saturday evening, Portland Timbers released their starting lineup against the LA Galaxy, and surprisingly their regular starting goalkeeper, Ivacic, had been dropped from their squad entirely. The early indications were that perhaps the goalkeeper had been injured, however the goalkeeper made it clear to reporters that he was "fit to play" and claimed "everything else you’re gonna hear is a lie.”  Savarese explained his perspective on keeping out Ivacic, telling reporters: “[David] Bingham showed he was the best player on the field, and he had a great match. So, my decision was correct today to make sure I played the right player. Nevertheless, the reason was that Ivacic didn’t train enough this week, he didn’t have enough practice. He said he was ready, and personally, I didn’t feel he would be in a situation where he wouldn’t have gotten injured.”  The Timbers have just four points through five matches, which has evidently increased frustration in the locker room.  The Timbers are in action again on Saturday against FC Dallas, but it's unclear whether Ivacic will be allowed to feature.


Another USMNT star in the Bundesliga? FC Cincinnati  get call from Borussia Monchengladbach over possible Brandon Vazquez transfer

Borussia Monchengladbach are reportedly in the hunt for FC Cincinnati forward Brandon Vazquez as a possible replacement for Marcus Thuram.

With Marcus Thuram reportedly on his way out, Gladbach are already on the lookout for a replacement with  suggesting the player of choice could be FC Cincinnati's Brandon Vazquez. Reports also indicate that Gladbach sporting director Roland Virkus was in the U.S. over the international break to watch the American in action. The player's management and Gladbach are now in contact. Vazquez joined Cincinnati FC in 2019 from Nashville FC and presently has a contract there that runs until 2025. Vazquez played 37 times for Cincinnati last season, contributing eight assists along with 20 goals, and he's a part of the USMNT's future plans. If FC Cincinnati lose their star forward, they'll hope to delay it until the end of the year. If they can't hold off suitors over the summer, they'll potentially need to find a deal for a replacement in the middle of their MLS season.


'I like to do both!' - Scott McTominay sends 'more goals' message to Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag after bagging ANOTHER brace in historic Scotland win

Scotland hero Scott McTominay sent Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag a message after his brace helped beat Spain 2-0 on Tuesday.

The in-form midfielder   to take his tally to a staggering four goals from two games this international break, as Scotland made it a maximum six points to top Group A  . After the match, a beaming McTominay admitted he relished both sides of midfield work, and believed his recent form evidenced his ability to add more to his game. "As a kid, I was an attacking midfielder, then I became more of a sitting midfield player. But I like to do both, I like to get in the box but I also like to help my team-mates defend as well," McTominay told   after the match. "For me, I've got to keep doing that, I know I can add more goals and assists to my game,  " Asked about arguably Scotland's biggest scalp under Steve Clarke, the Man Utd star added: "The manager said before the match that this was a chance to create our own legacy, these are the nights that in 20, 30 years everyone will remember and watch back and say 'I was there'. It's what the game's about, and we can't thank the fans enough.  McTominay's tally of four goals while on Scotland duty doubles his United total across all competitions this season, as his contributions thus far have largely come from the bench. But an upturn in form couldn't have come at a better time for the 26-year-old, given the injury woes of Christian Eriksen, Donny van de Beek and,  , alongside the three games remaining of  With Ten Hag inevitably watching on from afar, the performances of the Scotland star will have caught the eye and should have done enough to earn him a starting berth in United's first game back after the international break, which is away at Newcastle on Sunday.


Chelsea set Mason Mount asking price amid Liverpool & Bayern transfer interest

Chelsea are due to sell Mason Mount this summer as contract negotiations continue to stall, and they've reportedly named their price.

Chelsea still want to agree a new deal with the player but will rather sell him than him leave for free, according to  . Potential suitors will have to pay up, though, with the London club demanding around   for Mount's services. His contract expires next summer. Mount penned a deal in 2019 that paid him less than £100,000 per week. And he hasn't renewed it since then, making a regular starter for England one of the lowest paid players at the club. The two sides have repeatedly met over a new deal, but  Reports that the player wants a salary north of £300,000 per week are said to be inaccurate, though. The London club have a number of suitors for Mount, with Liverpool, Manchester United, Manchester City, Newcastle and Tottenham keeping an eye on the Chelsea midfielder's situation. The Reds  . Thomas Tuchel is also   in bringing Mount to Bayern Munich. Mount has insisted that he wants to stay at Chelsea, but only on the right terms. If a deal isn't reached, Chelsea will likely wait for his various suitors to meet their asking price.


Man Utd tell Mason Greenwood he can't train until at least next season as commercial partners warn club of toxic public relations effect

Manchester United have reportedly ruled out the return of Mason Greenwood this term, with commercial interests cited as part of their reasoning.

United officials have now shut the door on Greenwood joining the team for training until at least the 2023-24 campaign, with the club's internal investigation unlikely to be concluded until the summer, according to  .  The club are concerned that allowing Greenwood back into the fold would be bad for their commercial interests, having been told by their corporate partners that it would be a public relations nightmare,  .  United are running an independent investigation into the suspended player's conduct after Greater Manchester Police  , leaving the door open for a potential return.  Greenwood has reportedly held regular talks with the club since his charges were dropped, expressing his desire to return to the pitch. The club are reportedly split on whether they should let him back.  Some staff reportedly insist that Greenwood should be given another chance, but the commercial side of the club are concerned that allowing the striker back into the fold could damage United's reputation. Greenwood's  , and the Premier League side have not reallocated his No. 11 shirt. The forward has continued to collect his salary since his suspension, and according to the   report, is still owed over £8 million under his current deal.


Drama of the highest order! USWNT star Lindsey Horan misses crucial penalty as Chelsea beat Lyon in crazy Women's Champions League quarter-final

Chelsea will face Barcelona in the Women's Champions League semi-finals after knocking out reigning champions Lyon on penalties on Thursday night.

 and they started well, with Signe Bruun having two good chances. However, neither was converted and Chelsea soon had opportunities of their own, with goalkeeper Christiane Endler making big stops to deny both Sam Kerr and Lauren James. Lyon's breakthrough came with 77 minutes on the clock, defender Vanessa Gilles meeting Lindsey Horan's cross at the near post to level the tie on aggregate. It was a goal that took the game to extra time, where the eight-time European champions would take the aggregate lead through Sara Dabritz. However, there was still the highest of drama to come. Five minutes into stoppage time at the end of extra time, Lauren James was clipped in the box by Vicki Becho and the referee awarded a spot-kick after a VAR check. Maren Mjelde scored from 12 yards to take the game to a penalty shootout, where Ann-Katrin Berger denied Horan in the decisive final spot-kick to eliminate the eight-time European champions. Who else but penalty hero  ? There were not too many stand-out performers in a gruelling game of football that saw Chelsea's Melanie Leupolz leave the pitch with a bloody nose while team-mate Eve Perisset also limped off. But the Blues' shot-stopper made two heroic saves in the shootout to win the tie. had a solid game across the 120 minutes, assisting the first goal, but it was her who missed Lyon's final penalty and had to be consoled in the aftermath as the French giants crashed out in the quarter-finals. Chelsea will face Barcelona in the semi-finals, with the first legs to be played on April 22/23 and the second legs on April 29/30. Lyon, meanwhile, will have to focus on domestic matters. They could still win the league title and the French Cup this season. ⭐


Barcelona SLAMMED by Ansu Fati's father over forward's lack of playing time since inheriting Lionel Messi's No.10 shirt

Bori Fati feels his son deserves more playing time at Barcelona and has advised the 20-year-old to leave the club in the summer.

Fati's father has given an explosive interview regarding his son's situation at Barcelona. The 20-year-old has been unable to make an impact at Camp Nou this season and has not found the back of the net in La Liga since October in a 3-0 win over Villarreal.   following the Argentine's surprise departure in 2021, but has since struggled with a number of serious injuries and is yet to force his way back into the Barca starting XI. Bori Fati believes his son deserves more game time and is frustrated at the way he's being used by Xavi at Camp Nou. "As a father I am angry, yes, like any father. Because seeing Ansu play so little makes you a little angry. I tell them that we deserve much more. Ansu when he played before getting injured, there was Messi, [Luis] Suarez, [Ousmane] Dembele, [Antoine] Griezmann," he told  . "It bothers me that they give him a minute, two minutes or three minutes. The forwards that are there are phenomenal, but we are talking about Ansu Fati, from the Spanish national team, he is not just any boy. He's a boy who left La Masía. If you don't give him that, what are you going to give him? Ansu deserves much more, we're talking about Barcelona's '10.'" : Bori Fati also said he would be happy to see his son leave Barcelona, but made it clear the forward wants to continue at Camp Nou. "At Barca they tell me that they bet a lot on Ansu, they tell me that clearly. When I sat down with Jorge Mendes [his representative], the first thing he told me was that Ansu wants to stay and will continue playing for Barcelona. But I, as a father, thought otherwise, and Ansu doesn't agree with that," he added. "I think a lot about Sevilla, about going home. Right now I wouldn't value an offer from Madrid, because Ansu wouldn't accept it. I can't put Ansu where he doesn't want to go. But I will never speak ill of Madrid because they are two very big clubs and you never know what the world is going to bring you... You never know where it is going to take you." Fati has only started nine league games at Barcelona this season, scoring three times, and has struggled to find his best form after seeing his career disrupted by a succession of serious injuries. The 20-year-old also faces stiff competition for a place at Barcelona, with Robert Lewandowski, Dembele, Raphinha and Ferran Torres all fighting for attacking berths.  Xavi's side return to action after the international break against La Liga's bottom side Elche on Saturday. Fati is in contention for a rare start, as Dembele remains on the injured list and Raphinha will miss out through suspension.


WATCH: USWNT & Lyon star Lindsey Horan misses crucial penalty at Stamford Bridge as Vlatko Andonovski watches Women's Champions League clash

U.S. women's national team star Lindsey Horan missed the crucial penalty as Lyon were knocked out of the Women's Champions League by Chelsea.

Lyon were taken to a penalty shootout by Chelsea on Thursday, the Blues levelling the quarter-final tie with the final kick of extra time when Lauren James won a spot-kick in the 125th minute and Maren Mjelde coolly converted. The reigning champions levelled the score on aggregate when Horan's cross was met at the near post by Canada international Vanessa Gilles.   when Sara Dabritz netted in extra time and came less than 10 minutes away from reaching the semi-finals. However, Mjelde's goal meant the game went to a shootout and it was there that Chelsea prevailed. Lyon legend Wendie Renard was the first to be denied by Chelsea goalkeeper Ann-Katrin Berger, but Lyon shot-stopper Christiane Endler saved James' effort straight after. . BERGER SAVES HORAN'S PENALTY AND CHELSEA MOVE ON TO THE SEMI-FINALS OF THE  ! 💙  Among those in the stands to watch this fixture was Vlatko Andonovski, the USWNT head coach. It was Chelsea men's team boss Graham Potter who captured the attention of the photographers at the ground, with the presence of Andonovski appearing just ahead of him in the pictures taken on the night. In the company of Vlatko Andonovski, as the photo shows and U.S. Soccer confirms.  After Lyon's league game against Le Havre this coming weekend, Horan will join up with the USWNT for the April international window.  .


'Tough pill to swallow' - Matthijs de Ligt reacts to Bayern sacking Julian Nagelsmann - and responds to dressing room rift reports

Matthijs de Ligt has described Bayern Munich's decision to fire Julian Nagelsmann as a "tough pill to swallow".

Dutch defender De Ligt has opened up on recent events at Bayern, admitting he was not expecting to see  . The coach was dismissed following a 2-1 defeat to Bayer Leverkusen that saw Bayern knocked off the top of the table, with Thomas Tuchel drafted in as his replacement, and De Ligt says it's been a difficult decision to take. "No, I didn't see it coming and I was surprised. We're second in the league, in the quarter-finals of the cup and in the quarter-finals of the Champions League. Everything's still in there," the Netherlands international told  . "Those in charge decide who the coach is, but it was a tough pill to swallow. But I also believe that Tuchel is a coach who suits us." De Ligt also played   and says he enjoyed a good relationship with Nagelsmann at Bayern. "Ah, the German media – that says enough. I had a good relationship with the coach and his staff, so it was difficult for me," he added. "I got in touch with him, sent him a message and thanked him for everything he taught me. He really wanted me at the club and was important to me. Thanks to him, I've taken important steps in my development over the past few months."  Bayern opted to fire Nagelsmann as they were   once again. The German has   and had admitted he's hoping to exploit  and bring home three trophies this season. Tuchel is the eighth manager to coach both Borussia Dortmund and Bayern in the Bundesliga (after Ottmar Hitzfeld, Pal Csernai, Otto Rehhagel, Branko Zebec, Reinhard Saftig, Erich Ribbeck and Udo Lattek). The Bavarian giants begin life under Tuchel with a top-of-the-table clash against Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday, April 1.


'It was a tick box' - Arsenal star Beth Mead SLAMS Ballon d'Or awards for women's football treatment

Arsenal and Lionesses star Beth Mead has revealed she was disappointed by the way women's football was treated at the recent Ballon d'Or awards.

Barcelona's  in world football at the end of last year, with Chelsea forward Sam Kerr completing the podium. However, Mead has since revealed that she felt the women's game had been disrespected by those who organised the ceremony. Mead, who also finished third in The Best FIFA voting, told the Boots, Balls and Bras podcast: "It was an honour to go to both. Much preferred the Best Awards, I thought the Ballon d'Or was a token Ballon d’Or for women's football - and that’s all it was. The set up wasn’t great. Alexia went up, they asked her a couple of question and off she went. "In between that they did Lewandowski top scorer, goalkeeper of the year - no female goalkeeper of the year - and a community award. They did three of four awards between the female Ballon d'Or and the men's Ballon d'Or. And the at the end it was Benzema who won, his full family was on stage taking pictures with him, all the journalists, and Alexia was sat on the front seat as if she wasn’t even there. "It’s such a prestigious award [Ballon d'Or] , but then, it was a tick box to have women there but they weren’t doing it right. The FIFA Best, they did everything aligned. They did it all together so it was so much better." . The all-time top WSL scorer was  , and after the event admitted she didn't feel "appreciated". Despite being snubbed for two individual prizes, Mead was named BBC Sports Personality of the Year thanks to her starring role in England's Euro 2022 triumph. There have been personal struggles in recent times too, though. As well as being ruled out of action with an ACL injury, Mead also lost her mother June in January 2023. She will be doing everything she can to return in time for the Women's World Cup this summer, although England boss Sarina Wiegman admitted recently that a  . At club level, Mead will be in the stands as Arsenal look to progress to the Champions League semi-finals by overturning a 1-0 first-leg deficit against Bayern Munich at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday night.


Chelsea outcast Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang willing to lower his salary to return to Barcelona - with La Liga giants considering loan transfer

Chelsea outcast Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang is reportedly willing to lower his salary to return to Barcelona, who are now considering a loan move.

The 33-year-old striker   in a deal that saw Marcos Alonso head to Camp Nou. Aubameyang has struggled to find his feet at Stamford Bridge, scoring just three times in 18 appearances across all competitions, and has been frozen out of Graham Potter's plans. According to  the striker is frustrated with his lack of involvement at Chelsea and is willing to accept a pay cut to head back to Barcelona in the summer. The Liga leaders are said to be considering a one-year loan option for Aubameyang, who caused a stir when he   before the international break. Barcelona have also been linked to Athletico Paranaense forward Vitor Roque and reportedly made   February the offer was turned down. Although the Blaugrana remain keen on the player, they are now looking at other options, with Aubameyang high on their list of targets. The Blues will be back in action in the Premier League on Saturday against Aston Villa, while Barcelona will play Elche next in La Liga on the same day.


Harry Kane or prime Wayne Rooney - who is better?

England have a new all-time record goalscorer - but is he really a better striker than the man he overtook in the standings? Let us know below!

 made    , as he moved onto 55 goals for the Three Lions, overtaking  , who scored 53 in 120 caps, in  . Reacting to the news, Joey Barton caused a stir on social media when he claimed Rooney, in his prime, was in a "completely different stratosphere" and "levels and levels and levels above" Tottenham forward Kane. People comparing Wayne Rooney and Harry Kane?  WR in a completely different stratosphere.  Levels and levels and levels above.  🤯  So what do you think? Agree with Barton that Rooney remains ahead of Kane? Or does the England captain's record of 55 in 82, regardless of the opposition, make him the best Three Lions forward of the last two decades? Let us know in the comments below! 👇


'Still my job to pick the wine!' - Sir Alex Ferguson reflects on Arsene Wenger rivalry as Man Utd & Arsenal greats become first managers inducted into Premier League Hall of Fame

Sir Alex Ferguson has spoken about his old rival Arsene Wenger after both men were inducted into the Premier League Hall of Fame.

The two legends of the game have become the first managers to be inducted into the Premier League's Hall of Fame in recognition of their achievements. Sir Alex and Wenger won 16 Premier League titles between them and enjoyed a longstanding rivalry. The former Manchester United boss is thrilled with the honour and opened up on his relationship with Wenger and how the two still meet up today. "I’m truly delighted to be inducted into the Premier League Hall of Fame. It’s an honour when you receive recognition like this. However, it’s not just about me as a person. It’s about the job at Manchester United and the bond we had over many years, so I’m also proud for the club, the staff and my players," he said. "I feel Arsène is a very worthy inductee as he transformed Arsenal Football Club fantastically. They became a tough team to compete with and we both wanted to win, which motivated us further. Through the years since retirement, we’d go for dinner together in a little restaurant he knows well in Switzerland. He is a really interesting man and I enjoy his company, but it is still my job to pick the wine!” Wenger also had some warm words for Sir Alex when reacting to the Premier League's announcement, as he said: "I am very grateful to have been selected for the Premier League Hall of Fame. We always wanted to give something special to the fans and when you have players capable of remarkable things, the most important thing for me is the obligation of perfection. I’d like to be known as someone who loved Arsenal, who respected the values of the club and left it in a position where it can grow and become even bigger. To share this with Sir Alex is a great honour for me. It’s like two boxers, you fight like mad and go the distance together. At the end of the day, you have respect and it will be a great opportunity to meet with him, share a good bottle of wine and memories of our old battles." Two legends who helped define the Premier League. Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger are the first two inductees of the 2023    The rivalry between the two men has certainly mellowed since their days in charge of Manchester United and Arsenal. Wenger's arrival in north London saw the Gunners challenge Manchester United's dominance of the English game, with the Frenchman going to win three titles in his 22 seasons in charge. Tensions boiled over on the pitch on several occasions, peaking in 2004 with the notorious incident at Old Trafford when United ended Arsenal's 49-match unbeaten record and  . Sir Alex won the Premier League title on 13 occasions as Manchester United manager, nine more times than any other manager in Premier League history. Arsenal have not won the Premier League since their last title under Wenger in 2003-04 but are in a strong position to end that drought this season. The Gunners have an eight-point lead at the top of the table and return to action on Saturday, April 1 against Leeds United.


Hannah Hampton receives England recall after overcoming 'personal issues' as Sarina Wiegman names final squad before 2023 World Cup

Hannah Hampton has been recalled to the England squad by Sarina Wiegman for meetings with Brazil and Australia after overcoming “personal issues”.

The Aston Villa goalkeeper formed part of the triumphant Lionesses squad at the 2022 European Championship, but she has been overlooked in selections since then with  . The 22-year-old shot-stopper is now back in favour, with Manchester City defender Esme Morgan also being recalled. Arsenal defender Lotte Wubben-Moy and Manchester United captain Katie Zelem have not been selected, while there is no place for Tottenham striker Bethany England and Houston Dash forward Ebony Salmon in what is Wiegman’s final opportunity to work with her players before the  .  Mary Earps (Manchester United), Hannah Hampton (Aston Villa, Sandy MacIver (Manchester City), Ellie Roebuck(Manchester City) Millie Bright (Chelsea), Lucy Bronze (Barcelona), Jess Carter (Chelsea), Niamh Charles (Chelsea), Alex Greenwood (Manchester City), Maya Le Tissier (Manchester United), Esme Morgan (Manchester City), Lucy Parker (West Ham United), Leah Williamson (Arsenal)  Laura Coombs (Manchester City), Jordan Nobbs (Aston Villa), Jess Park (Everton, loan from Manchester City), Georgia Stanway (Bayern Munich), Ella Toone (Manchester United), Keira Walsh (Barcelona)  Rachel Daly (Aston Villa), Lauren Hemp (Manchester City), Lauren James (Chelsea), Chloe Kelly (Manchester City), Katie Robinson (Brighton & Hove Albion), Alessia Russo (Manchester United) Wiegman has said: “We are getting closer to the World Cup and I can’t think of two better games to assess our progress. After these games, there will be less than three months until we fly to the tournament and we must make every second on and off the pitch count. For us as a technical staff this will be the last chance to see the players within our England environment before we come together for the final preparation phase in June. And these two matches will be two real tests to see where we are at.” She added on competing in the inaugural women’s Finalissima against Brazil at Wembley on April 6, with a   at the Brentford Community Stadium on April 11: “This is a major new trophy and to compete for it at a sold-out Wembley is another special moment, both for us as a team but also for our fans. We will never take these occasions for granted and I want to see how we perform against two teams that will be hoping to challenge for the World Cup.” Chelsea star Fran Kirby remains unavailable due to a knee problem that has kept her out since February, while Arsenal forward Beth Mead is still recovering from an ACL injury.


Come on, Carlo, take the Brazil job! Ancelotti should try to complete football when he leaves Real Madrid

The Italian has won every major trophy at club level - all that remains for him to achieve is a World Cup win

For some time now, Real Madrid's Brazil contingent have been joking with Carlo Ancelotti about him becoming their new boss at international level.  "They laugh about it,"   "But we haven't really talked about it. We're friends, they're jokes, they laugh. But the reality is different: I have a contract until 2024." The reality now, though, is that the Brazilian Football Federation (CBF) is deadly serious about appointing Ancelotti as the successor to Tite, who stepped down after the Selecao's shock quarter-final loss to Croatia at the 2022 World Cup.  And it's hard to think of a move that makes more sense in the world of football right now. 


Chelsea coach Anthony Barry told to stay AWAY from training as he aims to join Thomas Tuchel at Bayern Munich

Chelsea coach Anthony Barry has reportedly been told to stay away from the club’s training ground ahead of a potential reunion with Thomas Tuchel.

Former Blues boss Tuchel is now calling the shots at Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich, having been  , and he wants Barry to form part of his backroom team at the Allianz Arena. A compensation offer has been put to those at Stamford Bridge, but no deal has been agreed as yet. Barry is reported by   to be keen on joining Tuchel in Germany, with the pair having previously enjoyed Champions League success together in west London, but the 36-year-old remains under contract with Premier League heavyweights. While discussions over his future remain ongoing, Chelsea have made it clear that he is not to return to work alongside Graham Potter. Barry has been combining his role at Chelsea with another in the Portugal national team set-up, having previously worked with Roberto Martinez in the Belgium camp, and has spent time at Stamford Bridge within the respective coaching staffs of Frank Lampard, Tuchel and Potter.


'I have things I still want to accomplish' - USMNT star Tim Ream on why he could keep playing for another five years

The centerback may be 35 but he tells GOAL that he has no intention of calling time on his career any time soon

About an hour or so after the U.S. men's national team's run through the 2022 World Cup ended, Tim Ream took the time to reflect. While speaking with reporters, he expressed what the experience meant to him. He talked about his road to Qatar and how, for a while, he never thought his World Cup dream had come true. Ultimately it did, with Ream a pivotal figure for the USMNT. If that was it for him, if that was the pinnacle of his career, he said he could live with that. Now, nearly four months later, it appears that the 35-year-old's career is far from over. You could easily make the argument that Ream has never been better, with his spectacular World Cup form carrying over to Fulham's Premier League campaign. So, here he was, with the USMNT for the first real games of the 2023 cycle. It appears Qatar wasn't the final chapter, after all. "You just never know," Ream said. "Obviously, after the Netherlands game, you just don't know what is coming. I've maintained that I'm firmly just in that moment and, in that moment, you don't know what is or what could be." "What could be" is a key part of that because, on current form, there's a pretty good chance that Ream could still be the USMNT's starting centerback for some time. There's a Gold Cup this summer, a Copa America next and then, hey, the World Cup will be here before you know it. He was as composed as ever in his most recent USMNT appearance, the 1-0 win over El Salvador, as he partnered Miles Robinson with yet another rock-solid performance. Ream says he plans to remain at Craven Cottage for the foreseeable future. Despite his post-World Cup reflections, he believes he's far from finished. "I have things I still want to accomplish over in England," he said. "I have no plans to come back [to MLS]. I'm going to continue to push myself and play at the highest level that I possibly can because that's kind of who I am and what I want to do. "I want to keep keep testing myself. I want to keep pushing myself until I can't anymore. I've maintained that if at all possible, I'll retire playing over there. It's something that that I still have a hunger for." In recent months, Ream has been heavily linked with St. Louis City SC, MLS' newest expansion club. Ream grew up in St. Louis and has now etched his own place in the city's illustrious soccer history, which is only just now being illuminated by the arrival of an MLS side. Thus far, St. Louis City SC are unbeaten through their first five MLS games. The city is finally getting its due as a true soccer hotbed, with fans packing CITYPARK for a team that has, thus far, gotten off to a perfect start. Ream, like everyone from St. Louis, has watched on with pride and, even if he has no plans to join the club any time soon, he hopes to see what has been built in his city in the near future. "The games, just everything about it is impressive for an expansion team but not surprising, because I know what the city is like with the game and the passion."  "I'm hoping to stay involved in this [USMNT] group and, after we finish the season, we'll end up having camp pretty, pretty quickly, so I don't know when I'll get back, but I mean the atmosphere, I've seen it on the TV." He added: "You never know. I have so many connections back there that I can't say, but I'm still firmly, firmly believing that I can play another three, four, five years and, after that, we'll see what happens. Who knows where I ended up? I could end up anywhere at that point!" With the international break now over, Ream's focus will quickly return to Fulham. The club is set to visit Bournemouth this Saturday and, with only 11 matches left in the Premier League season, every point will count towards Fulham's playoff push. Much is left to be decided but, after seeming so close to the end of his international career on that night in Qatar, it seems there is no end in sight for a player that has plenty of big games left in the tank. "My career has been a lot of ups and downs and so I've learned to kind of just ride with it, to go with it," Ream said. "There's going to be disappointments along the way and, if you can come out on the other side of those disappointments a better player, a better person, then it's no problem. "I'm not going to be too up, I'm not going to be too down. I try to stay pretty, pretty even no matter what happens and it's put me in a good position so far and gotten me to this point. I'm going to continue that."


Argentina vs Curacao : Lineups and LIVE updates

With the carnival mood in Argentina still going strong, the world champions cap off their March homecoming on Tuesday with a friendly against Curacao

On the heels of their comfortable 2-0 win over Panama, the World Cup triumph tour for Lionel Messi and Argentina continues when they face CONCACAF underdogs Curacao at Estadio Unico in friendly action at the Santiago del Estero. Thiago Almada scored the opener in the 78th minute, while Lionel Messi starred in Argentina’s victory in Buenos Aires on Thursday, and scored a late free-kick goal and completed nine successful dribble attempts during the match.  That goal marked the 800th of his professional career for club and country, but he's not done scoring just yet. Now, the 35-year-old legend will try to score his 100th international goal in this encounter as the celebrations for the victory in Qatar continue. Curacao, ranked 85th in the world, troubled both Canada and Honduras in the CONCACAF Nations League, but finished bottom of Group C. They have never played Argentina in their nation's history, and given that CONCACAF will host the new 48-team 2026 World Cup, this could be a huge game to gauge their progress as they aim for qualification in four years' time. There's a huge gulf in quality between these two teams and if Argentina opened the scoring early on, they can run up a big scoreline. Expect this to be another festive atmosphere, celebrating Messi and his teammates accomplishments in Qatar. E.Martinez; Montiel, Otamendi, Acuna; Lo Celso, Fernandez, Mac Allister; Messi, La. Martinez, Gonzalez Room; Martina, Gaari, Van Eijma, Floranus; Kuwas, Anita, Gorre; L. Bacuna; J. Bacuna, Janga Lionel Messi's Albiceleste will be aiming to follow up on Panama win against Curacao, which is the final friendly fixture for Scaloni's men in the current March international break, with the player's set to return to their respective clubs.


Who is Argentina's leading all-time top goal scorer? Messi, Batistuta, Crespo and the Albiceleste's most lethal strikers

The Albiceleste goalscoring chart features an illustrious roll-call of some of the best players to have represented the national team

Argentina are not just arguably one of the most feared national sides around in the game, but they have also produced some of the greatest attackers ever. Diego Maradona doesn't need any introduction. Neither does Lionel Messi. But there have been many more attacking greats representing the Albiceleste. Just think Mario Kempes, the hero of the 1978 World Cup. Or Gabriel Batistuta, one of Serie A's greatest-ever strikers. Who is Argentina's most lethal attacker ever, though? Let's take a look at the men leading their all-time goalscoring charts!


How many goals has Christian Pulisic scored for USA? The USMNT star's full World Cup qualification, Gold Cup, Copa America and international friendly record

The Chelsea attacker has been a great asset for USA at an international level

Christian Pulisic has been on the road to greatness with the United States national soccer team since 2016. The attacker scored his international first goal in May 2016 against Bolivia and has since then gone on to become a key figure for USA. But how many goals has the Chelsea star scored for the USMNT? And against which teams has he scored the most and in which competitions? Let's have a look at the striker's international record for The Stars and Stripes! Competition Games Goals Copa America 3 0 World Cup qualification 23 12 Gold Cup 2019 6 3 CONCACAF Nations League A 7 3 International friendlies 15 4 Edition Games Goals 2018 World Cup qualifiers 13 7 2022 World Cup qualifiers 10 5 Edition Games Goals Gold Cup 2019 6 3 Edition Games Goals Copa America Centenario 2016 3 0 Games Goals 15 4 Team Goals Panama 4 Trinidad 4 Jamaica 2 St. Vincent 2 Honduras 2 Mexico 2 *Data accurate as of November 26


Who is the leading all-time top goal scorer for Canada? Larin, David and Les Rouges' greatest strikers

Canada's football team has seen a revolution in the last two decades and some superb players have rosen to prominence

Canada have seen their fair share of success on an international level, even if they don't quite have the same reputation as regional rivals such as USA and Mexico. Les Rouges won the 1985 CONCACAF Championship to qualify for the 1986 FIFA World Cup, before winning the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup and qualify for the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup. In fact, hey are the only national team except Mexico and the United States to win a Gold Cup trophy. And they have had some fine players along the way! We all know Alphonso Davies and Jonathan David, but let's talk about Julian De Guzman, a true legend and the first Canadian to play in La Liga. And then there's Junior Hoilett, who Premier League fans will fondly remember for his stints at Cardiff, QPR and Blackburn! In recent years. the aforementioned Davies and David have been making plenty of headlines, with prolific striker Cyle Larin another big name. But who is Canada national team's most lethal attacker ever? Let's take a look!


70 facts about Brazil legend Pele

Considered by many as the greatest player of all time, here are 70 things you may not know about the Brazil icon

Pele is considered one of the greatest football players of all time. He was born on October 23, 1940, in Brazil, and grew up playing football on the streets barefoot. He made his professional debut for Santos FC at the age of 15 in 1956 and played for the team for almost 20 years.  Pele was part of the Brazilian national team that won the World Cup in 1958, 1962, and 1970, and he scored a total of 77 goals in 92 international appearances. In addition to his success on the field, Pele is also known for his philanthropic work. He established the Pele Foundation in 1993 to support social projects in Brazil and around the world.  He has also worked with organizations like UNICEF and FIFA to promote sports and education for underprivileged children.  Pele retired from professional football in 1977, but his impact on the sport continues to be felt. He is still considered a legend in Brazil and around the world and is often cited as an inspiration by current players.  Pele's influence on football and his commitment to social causes makes him a true icon of the sport. The legendary footballer sadly passed away at the age of 82 on December 29 after prolonged illness. 


‘I love the club’ – Man Utd goalkeeper David de Gea responds to contract rejection ‘noise’ as free agency beckons

David de Gea has responded to the “noise” surrounding Manchester United, and claims he rejected a contract offer, by stating that he “loves the club”.

The experienced Spanish goalkeeper will  , meaning that he could walk away as a free agent. The expectation was that, having been in Manchester since 2011, De Gea would have committed to fresh terms by now. There have been reports of an  , but the 32-year-old shot-stopper is eager to point out that he is happy in England and would like to bring the uncertainty regarding his future to a close. De Gea has told  : “I’ve been here many, many years, enjoying every moment in this club playing many games. Of course it's great to be here, it's a massive club and I love the club and I’m really happy here, of course. It's been the same over the years, there's a lot of noise around the club but players just focus on games, especially the one we have on Sunday - a massive game for us because we want to finish in the top four. Like I say, we have many, many games so I think we have to be really, really caring on training, recovering well, helping the team and that's the most important thing, more than contracts or anything.”  De Gea has made over 520 appearances for United,  , and has helped the Red Devils to Premier League, Europa League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup triumphs. United have been linked with a number of other keepers as questions are asked of De Gea’s ongoing presence at Old Trafford, but there is plenty to be said for stability and continuity and the Red Devils will – having   – be eager to find a solution that suits all parties.


Arsenal 10 games from immortality: Mikel Arteta's men perfectly placed in final sprint for Premier League glory

The Gunners are eight points clear at the top of the Premier League table, putting them in an excellent position to win their first title since 2004

So, here it is, then, the home stretch. The international break is over and for Arsenal the cup competitions are done.  . The Gunners are effectively 10 matches away from immortality. It’s been 19 years since Arsenal were last crowned champions of England and they've not had a better chance to end that run over the past two decades. After a quite remarkable 28 games, they are eight points clear of Manchester City at the top of the table going into this weekend’s game against Leeds United. But now they are faced with arguably their toughest task to date: finishing off the job. Some, like Oleksandr Zinchenko, Gabriel Jesus and Jorginho, have been in this type of position before. But the majority haven’t, and nor has Arteta. Whether that makes a difference remains to be seen, but so far Arsenal have shown little sign of feeling the pressure. , many expected them to fall away. It was assumed that City would just go on and cruise to the title like they always do. But Arsenal won at Aston Villa the following weekend in dramatic fashion to return to the summit and have followed that up with a further five straight wins.


Chasing Manchester City has broken Liverpool - fixing the Reds will be Jurgen Klopp’s toughest task ever

The Reds have been the only ones to compete with Pep Guardiola's winning machine in recent years, but they've been left counting the cost

The clock may have said 11pm, the end of a long and tiring day of travel, but the mood in the passport queue at Liverpool John Lennon Airport was one of delight, happiness and celebration. This was May 4, 2022, and a group of Liverpool supporters, returning bleary-eyed to Merseyside having attended their side’s Champions League semi-final win over Villarreal, had landed to the best news imaginable.   They would not be joining the Reds in the final. Pep Guardiola’s side had blown their big chance. Again. “Straight to town, surely?” came the shout as news of City’s collapse in the Bernabeu spread through the queue. Outside, as Ubers and Delta taxis waited to collect, a chant began. The point of this story is not to remind City fans of their misery, or to poke fun at those Liverpool supporters for their premature celebrations – Real, after all, would go on to beat Jurgen Klopp’s side in the final.  Rather, it is to reflect upon the nature of this most modern of rivalries, and the manner in which the two clubs’ fortunes have been so intrinsically intertwined over the past few years...


Cristiano Ronaldo & the top 35 men's international goalscorers of all-time

GOAL takes a look at the most prolific attackers in men's international football, which includes a wide variety of players from across the globe




Exclusive: World Cup winner Emi Martinez wants to 'complete football' by lifting the Champions League as he insists he's 'hungrier than EVER' despite glory with Argentina

Emi Martinez “completed football” by winning the World Cup with Argentina, but the Aston Villa star is now hungrier than ever for club success.

 In an exclusive interview with  , the 30-year-old opened up on his feelings after that momentous triumph in Qatar, and how it now motivates him to chase further glory at club level.  Martinez said: “I say I’ve completed football, but I haven’t yet. I want to complete football by winning trophies with my club, playing and winning in the Champions League.  “I just turned 30, but that’s something I will keep working towards. My best years are ahead of me. “I always set goals for myself. I can’t play without that. I need to have something to hit. I’ve done it with my national team, I did it with my old club, I’ve done good things with Aston Villa, nearly getting to Europe, but I want to win a trophy here.  "We haven’t won one in many, many years, and with a good manager here and some really good players, I am trying to help fix that.   As part of his wide-ranging chat with  , Martinez revealed his work with sports psychologist David Pressley, and how it helped him overcome difficulties he experienced early in his career in England. "But once I got out of that hole I was in, I only saw light, and I always play now as if it’s my last game, because I don’t want to come back to where I was then.   Martinez will be back in goal for Argentina as they take on Panama and Curacao in friendly matches during this international break. He resumes his club season with Villa away at Chelsea on April 1.


It's Always Sunny in Wrexham chant: Lyrics, video & meaning of 'Bring on the Deadpool' song

All you need to know about Wrexham’s ‘Bring on the Deadpool’ song, involving Ryan Reynolds and It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia star Rob McElhenny.

Fans of National League club Wrexham, co-owned by Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney, can be seen loudly singing their now favourite chant, '  every time the team takes the field. The song has become popular and the celebrity owners have publicly expressed their support for the work of the band The Declan Swans. Here,   has all you need to know about the popular song about Wrexham football club. The Wrexham song is titled 'It's Always Sunny in Wrexham' and is created by the band The Declan Swans. McElhenney jokingly tweeted that the song would be played at his funeral. Reynolds popularised it further by featuring it on his TikTok. Tonight’s episode includes the song they’ll play at my funeral. This and “Whoomp! There It Is”     after it was featured in the hit FX documentary  , which tells the journey of Wrexham football club. The name of the song is a reference to hit series  , starring one of the co-owners McElhenney. You can find the lyrics for the song It’s Always Sunny In Wrexham below: The lyrics of the song tell the tale of Wrexham football club, its struggles without investment and commitment and how two saviours in Reynolds and McElhenney came into the picture to change the narrative. It is reported that the indie comedy band Declan Swans penned the lyrics to the song in 2020 when they heard the rumours of the celebrity duo buying the local club Wrexham. It soon became a reality, and the song had the famous line ‘Bring on the Deadpool and Rob McElhenney!’ which has a reference to the comic superhero character portrayed on the big screen by Reynolds. 


Naby Keita's injury hell goes on as Liverpool assessing his fitness after ANOTHER issue suffered while on international duty with Guinea

Liverpool fear midfielder Naby Keita could be set for yet another lay-off after suffering an injury on international duty with Guinea.

Keita has not trained since returning to Merseyside, after being substituted at half-time of Guinea's 3-2 AFCON qualifying win over Ethiopia on Monday. A full diagnosis on the issue, which is as yet unclear, is expected on Friday, but he will almost certainly miss the Premier League trips to Manchester City (Saturday) and Chelsea (Tuesday). Another injury setback at this stage would raise questions as to  . The 28-year-old is out of contract at the end of the season, and he has been beset by fitness issues during his five years with the club. This season, he has managed only five starts and 13 appearances in total. He has not featured at all since  . The Reds are in action in the early Premier League game on Saturday, taking on rivals Manchester City at the Etihad.


How many goals has Lionel Messi scored for Argentina? Albiceleste star's full World Cup, Copa America and international friendly record

The Argentine has been banging in the goals for his country ever since opening his account in 2005

Lionel Messi is not just one of the best creators of chances around in the game, but he is lethal in front of goal himself as well. The Paris Saint-Germain star is Argentina's all-time leading goal scorer by some distance and holds numerous other goalscoring records, both at club and international level. For the national team, it all started with a tumultuous debut appearance against Hungary in 2005, with Messi receiving a red card barely a minute after coming off the bench. That was merely a blip on his journey to greatness, though, and the forward got his first Argentina goal at senior level in a 3-2 friendly loss against Croatia the following year. That turned out to be start of an impressive goalscoring run and Messi has since been able to celebrate goals more or less wherever he went. Just how many strikes does the Barcelona legend have to his name, though, and in which competitions did he find the net the most often? Competition Games Goals World Cup 26 13 Copa America 34 13 World Cup qualification 60 28 Finalissima 1 0 International friendlies 53 47 Edition Games Goals 2006 World Cup 3 1 2010 World Cup 5 0 2014 World Cup 7 4 2018 World Cup 4 1 2022 World Cup 7 Edition Games Goals Copa America 2007 6 2 Copa America 2011 4 0 Copa America 2015 6 1 Copa America Centenario 2016 5 5 Copa America 2019 6 1 Copa America 2021 7 4 34 13 Edition Goals 2010 World Cup qualifiers 4 2014 World Cup qualifiers 10 2018 World Cup qualifiers 7 2022 World Cup qualifiers 7 28 Edition Fixture Goals 2022 Italy 0-3 Argentina 0 Games Goals 51 45 Match Goals Competition Date Switzerland 1-3 Argentina 3 Friendly February 29, 2012 Brazil 3-4 Argentina 3 Friendly June 9, 2012 Argentina 4-0 Guatemala 3 Friendly June 14, 2013 Argentina 5-0 Panama 3 Copa America Centenario June 10, 2016 Ecuador 1-3 Argentina 3 World Cup qualifiers October 10, 2017 Argentina 4-0 Haiti 3 Friendly May 29, 2018 Argentina 3-0 Bolivia 3 World Cup qualifiers September 9, 2021 Argentina 5-0 Estonia 5 Friendly June 5, 2022 Team Goals Bolivia 8 Ecuador 6 Uruguay 6 Brazil 5 Chile 5 Estonia 5 Paraguay 5 Venezuela 5 Panama 4 Guatemala 3 Haiti 3 Nigeria 3 Colombia 3 Switzerland 3 *Data accurate as of March 24, 2023


David de Gea REJECTS Man Utd contract extension offer

Goalkeeper David de Gea has reportedly rejected Manchester United's first offer of a contract extension. 

The Spaniard's current contract at Manchester United is set to expire in June 2023. According to  De Gea has turned down the first extension offer put on the table by Manchester United but will continue to negotiate in the hope of reaching a positive conclusion. The shot-stopper is currently the world's highest-paid keeper drawing a weekly salary of more than  culpable in the 4-0 defeat to Brentford, he has proved to be an instrumental figure between the sticks and his efforts to deny Kelechi Iheanacho in United's 3-0 win over Leicester City was adjudged as the Premier League save of the month for February. The Dutch manager is   and wants him to continue at Old Trafford which is a key factor to a potential successful extension. The goalkeeper will be back in action for Manchester United next time out at St James Park against Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday.


Kai Havertz explains why his Chelsea team-mates call him 'Donkey' as he reveals 'special relationship' with 'very calm animal'

Chelsea forward Kai Havertz has opened up on his love for animals and how that has inspired a nickname for him at Stamford Bridge.

Havertz has spoken about his love for donkeys after launching a charity inspired by the animals, which also incorporates youth development and elderly care. The Chelsea attacker has revealed his family adopted donkeys at a sanctuary when he was younger and the animals help give him peace away from the football pitch. "Some of my teammates call me Donkey. It’s not because of my football,” he told  . "From day one, I felt a special relationship with donkeys. It’s a very calm animal: maybe I personalised myself in them because I’m calm too. They chill all day, don’t do much, just want to live their life. I loved them always. And when I lost, I would go to the sanctuary. You look at the animals, see something human in them. It was a kind of recovery, a place I felt peace." Havertz added: "Football’s not the most important thing in my life. Other things are maybe 100 times more important. Maybe it’s not easy to say and people don’t like it, but it’s how I feel."  Chelsea are in the midst of a difficult season but Havertz hit form just before the international break. The Germany international has scored in each of his last three games for the Blues and now has seven for the season so far in the Premier League. The forward is due back in action with Chelsea on Saturday, April 1 against Aston Villa in the Premier League.


Al-Hilal offer to pay Lionel Messi MORE than Cristiano Ronaldo & become highest-paid player EVER - if he makes stunning Saudi Arabia move

Al-Hilal reportedly have a contract ready for Lionel Messi that would see him overtake Cristiano Ronaldo as the highest-paid player on the planet.

Portuguese superstar Ronaldo completed a move to Saudi Arabia after being released by Manchester United as a free agent in November 2022, with the five-time Ballon d’Or winner being handed  . That agreement has the 38-year-old comfortably sat at the top of the charts when it comes to most lucrative salaries. Messi could, however, be in a position to overtake his eternal rival, with some big decisions about to be made on his future at club level. As things stands, the mercurial Argentine – who has seven Golden Balls to his name – is   and heading towards free agency. Al-Hilal are currently observing a transfer ban, but they are confident of being in a position to add new signings to their ranks this summer and Messi’s father, Jorge, recently paid a visit to the Saudi capital of Riyadh during which talks regarding a potential move to the region could have been held.


How many more goals will Lionel Messi score in his career?

The Argentina legend moved onto 102 goals for his country in the 7-0 demolition of Curacao - how many more will he get before he hangs up his boots?

 reached an incredible milestone on Tuesday night as he   for  , completing a first-half hat-trick in the resounding friendly win over minnows Curacao. In total, the   forward   in his professional career. With his future up in the air - a  ,   or a   have all been mooted - how many more can the 35-year-old realistically score before he calls it quits? Vote in the poll and let us know what you think in the comments! 💬


Brutal swipe at Lionel Messi made by president of Saudi Arabian club: 'I don't want a player who watches games from the stadium like against Bayern Munich'

Lionel Messi's future remains the subject of speculation but the chief of Saudi side Al-Tai says he's not interested in the World Cup winner.

Turki Al-Dabaan, president of Saudi side Al-Tai, has taken aim at Messi and says he would not sign the Argentina international for his club.  , with his contract at PSG set to expire in the summer, but  why he would not want to splash out on the World Cup winner. “I do not want to sign a world-class player in my team who is saturated and watches the match from the stadium like Messi in front of Bayern Munich,” Al Dhabaan told Saudi Arabian TV channel  .  after another disappointing exit from Europe's top competition. Philipp Lahm said   during their round of 16 tie as Bayern ran out 3-0 aggregate winners. The 35-year-old   this summer, while speculation continues about a   or a  . The Argentina star is set to return to PSG action on Sunday, April 2 against Lyon in Ligue 1.


Welcome to Wrexham: Where to watch and stream, episodes & complete guide to Ryan Reynolds-Rob McElhenney sports documentary

The Deadpool star and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia actor are documenting their experience in Wales

and  take centre-stage in an all-access ‘fly on the wall’ docuseries about  , the  Reynolds and McElhenney, have set big ambitions since buying the club,   and   journeys through the first two seasons of their takeover. So, where can you watch it and what will it feature? brings you all the details. Season one of Welcome to Wrexham was released on     in the U.S. and   in the UK. Season two is expected to be released in the summer of 2023. Welcome to Wrexham is available to watch and stream on   in the UK. It is available to watch and stream on in the United States.  Country Streaming service Disney+ Reynolds and McElhenney dropped a number of teaser videos referencing Welcome to Wrexham, which give you an idea of what to expect in the series. The first teaser trailer was released in May 2021 and can be watched below. A follow-up trailer was released in December 2021, themed after  , a programme which McElhenney stars in. A third trailer was dropped in July 2022, showing an even closer look at what you can expect. Set to the tune of 'Only Fools Rush In' by Elvis Presley, the trailer shows Reynolds and McElhenney as they interact with the fans and people of Wrexham. Welcome to Wrexham is a documentary series which follows the events that have transpired since the purchase of Wrexham AFC by Reynolds and McElhenney in 2020, as the historic Welsh club attempt to secure promotion back to the Football League. Produced by American television network FX, which is owned by Disney, the documentary series will chart the progress of the soccer team as well as the learning curve experienced by the club's new owners. The filmmakers have not revealed many specifics about what to expect, but, we do know that the co-owners have planned to be very hands-on with the project, as they immerse themselves in the community of Wrexham, in the north of Wales. The pair regularly post content on social media regarding Wrexham, including video footage and photos from matches they have attended, so we expect to see that incorporated into the series. Episode Title Air date 1 Dream August 24, 2022 2 Reality August 24, 2022 3 Rebuilding August 31, 2022 4 Home Opener August 31, 2022 5 Fearless September 7, 2022 6 Hamilton! September 7, 2022 7 Wide World of Wales September 14, 2022 8 Away We Go September 14, 2022 9 Welcome Home September 21, 2022 10 Hooligans September 28, 2022 11 Sack the Gaffer September 28, 2022 12 Wins and Losses October 5, 2022 13 Worst Team in the League October 5, 2022 14 A Hollywood Distraction October 5, 2022 15 Daggers October 5, 2022 16 Hello Wembley October 12, 2022 17 Wromance October 12, 2022 18 Do or Die October 12, 2022 There are a total of 18 episodes in Season One of Welcome to Wrexham. You can see their titles and air dates in the table above. Season two has not yet aired. Reviewer Rating IMDb 8.3/10 Rotten Tomatoes 90% Guardian 3/5 NME 4/5 Welcome to Wrexham has received mostly positive reviews since first airing in summer 2022. Renowned movie websites   and   have given the show 8.3/10 and 90 percent respectively, while the   described it as a "soulful" series.   praised the "warm fuzzy feeling" elicited by the fans and their club's new owners.  hailed the show as "surprisingly touching" and   gave it four stars out of five. The buzz around the show helped to bring a new cohort of followers on social media,  . Welcome to Wrexham will return for a second season in 2023. McElhenney confirmed the news on Twitter following the season one finale, writing: "Season two will return next year. I have a clause in my contract that stipulates I will not do anything less than 16 seasons of a TV show." In the meantime,  .


'People think you are Lionel Messi' - Kai Havertz opens up Chelsea transfer fee 'tension' & defends under-fire Graham Potter

Kai Havertz has opened on on the "tension" that came with his £72m transfer fee at Chelsea, claiming: "People think you are Lionel Messi."

The German playmaker was signed from  in September 2020, which was a club record at the time. Havertz has become a Champions League winner at Chelsea while recording 32 goals and 15 assists across all competitions, but he made a slow start to life at Stamford Bridge. The Germany international admits that his price tag was a burden as it created an immediate pressure to perform. The Chelsea forward told   “For me the price was a big thing. I was Chelsea’s most expensive player. I don’t understand how so much money is paid but it is normal in football: look at our recent transfers. That brings pressure because people think you are Messi. I was still 20, 21. People don’t see that; they see the price so you have to be great from day one. You can feel it, the tension. You read it, hear it. I came during Covid." Havertz added on how he deals with the weight of expectations: "You have to be stable. If you’re playing badly, it doesn’t make you the worst person on earth and the highs aren’t real. Everything moves fast: the last few months is a good example. Everyone’s upset with me, I don’t score, I play rubbish, this is bad, that’s bad, they have to sell me. Now I score and everyone says I am the best player. People love me now but maybe in two weeks they hate me again. No matter how well I played, I come home and my girlfriend wants me to put the plates into the dishwasher."  Havertz is not the only one dealing with pressure at Chelsea, with manager Graham Potter having also faced plenty of criticism after a tough first few months in charge since joining the club from Brighton. The Blues find themselves down in 10th spot in the Premier League with just 38 points from 27 matches, but Havertz insists the squad is fully behind the under-fire coach. "(He is) very good for Chelsea even though he gets criticism; in the changing room everyone knows his qualities," he said. Havertz will be in action when Chelsea host Aston Villa at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in a Premier League encounter.


Man City star Erling Haaland under police investigation for allegedly using mobile phone while driving

Greater Manchester Police have confirmed they are aware of images that appear to show Erling Haaland using his phone while driving.

Manchester City striker Erling Haaland is under police investigation after allegedly using a mobile phone while driving.  newspaper released images and footage on Monday which appear to show the Norway international in his car in an incident that took place on March 15 close to the Etihad Stadium. Greater Manchester Police have responded to the report involving Haaland and have confirmed they are "aware and investigating" the alleged incident. The striker could be fined £200 and receive six points on his driving licence if he is found guilty. Haaland moved to Manchester City from Borussia Dortmund in the summer transfer window in a deal worth   and has been a huge hit in the Premier League. The 22-year-old is the top scorer in the competition so far in 2022-23, having netted 28 times, and has a total of 42 goals for City in just 37 matches across all competitions in his debut campaign. Haaland was due to link up with Norway during the international break but  , and it's not clear if he will be fit to return to action when Manchester City face Liverpool on Saturday.


Man Utd & Chelsea-linked Victor Osimhen ‘has asked’ Alex Iwobi about the Premier League as transfer talk rages around Napoli striker

Victor Osimhen “has asked” about the Premier League, says Alex Iwobi, with the Napoli striker being linked with Manchester United and Chelsea.

Arsenal and Newcastle are also said to be keeping a close eye on the 24-year-old frontman, who has   and Champions League quarter-finalists this season. Osimhen will not come cheap, as he is said to have  , but his head is being turned slightly by admiring glances being shot in his direction from England. Everton midfielder Iwobi has told   when asked if his Nigeria international team-mate is intrigued by life in the Premier League: “He has asked. All of them ask. I am sure he probably has the ambition to play in the Premier League.” Osimhen has admitted that the opportunity to turn out in the English top-flight at some stage in the future   for him. He told  : “I'm working so hard to make sure that I achieve my dream of playing in the Premier League some day but, like I said, it's a process and I just want to keep on this momentum and continue to do well.” Osimhen is tied to a contract at Napoli through to 2025, meaning that they are under no pressure to sell, but the likes of   and they are prepared to spend big in order to secure the signature of a prolific presence.


Leeds & USMNT rocked as Tyler Adams forced to undergo surgery on hamstring injury

Leeds have reportedly been rocked by the news that United States international Tyler Adams is being forced to undergo surgery on a hamstring injury.

 The 24-year-old midfielder has been forced under the knife after  . Having sustained a muscle complaint in that contest, Adams is now facing up to a lengthy spell on the sidelines.  Leeds have – according to   - been forced to accept that an operation for the USMNT star was the only suitable course of action, with no timescale put on his recovery as yet. The news comes as a serious blow to Javi Gracia, who has his side battling to steer clear of relegation danger in the Premier League.  Domestic and international team-mate Weston McKennie told the   YouTube channel of seeing his fellow countryman laid low: “Devastating what happened, obviously. Hopefully he recovers quickly, and he can be back with us soon.”  Adams has taken in 24 Premier League starts for Leeds this season,   on the back of a transfer from RB Leipzig in the summer of 2022, but he will not be involved when the Whites return to action on Saturday with a testing trip to table-topping Arsenal.


Beth Mead needs a ‘miracle’ to make England World Cup squad with Arsenal’s Euro 2022-winning forward recovering from ACL injury

England boss Sarina Wiegman admits that Beth Mead requires a “miracle” to make her 2023 World Cup squad as a result of an ACL injury.

The Arsenal forward, who helped to inspire the Lionesses to continental glory at the 2022 European Championship, has  . The 27-year-old has, after being forced to undergo surgery, taken in a long road to recovery and is not yet fit enough to return to action for club or country. Mead has been  , with Wiegman conceding that she is now likely to miss a major tournament this summer. Wiegman said when asked whether Mead remains in her thoughts heading towards an event in Australia and New Zealand that is due to get underway on July 20: “I had a conversation with her, she’s doing well. She is in her rehab, she is doing good. But the World Cup is actually too early, so what we said is that she’s not in our plans now and just take the time to get back well. But if a miracle happens and she goes so fast, then we will reconsider it. But at this moment I don’t expect that.” Mead has registered 29 goals through 50 appearances for England, with that haul helping her to the Golden Boot and Player of the Tournament at Euro 2022 while also landing the   and finishing as runner-up in the prestigious Ballon d’Or Feminin and UEFA Player of the Year votes. Mead will be disappointed at having to sit out another shot at major international honours, but she still has plenty of football left in her and should be around for the 2027 World Cup finals.


Barcelona Femeni vs Roma Women: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Barcelona Femeni vs Roma Women in the Champions League in the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news

are set to host   in the   quarter-finals on Wednesday at Camp Nou. The Catalan team have a 1-0 advantage over their Italian counterparts as they aim to reach the last four of the continental competition for the fifth consecutive time. They head into this fixture on the back of a 1-0 win over bitter rivals Real Madrid in Liga F which saw them go 13 points clear at the top of the table. Roma took their level up in the second half in the first leg in front of a packed Stadio Olimpico but could not find the equaliser due to some brilliant saves by Barca keeper Sandra Panos. They have a mountain to climb at the Camp Nou as Barcelona are yet to concede at home and has scored 18 times in three Champions League home games. However, they will look to put their best foot forward so they can become the first Italian Women's team since Bardolino Verona in 2008 to reach a European semi-final.


England U21 vs Croatia U21: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch England U21 vs Croatia U21 friendly in the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news.

are set to continue their preparations for the     with a friendly against  on Tuesday. England beat France 4-0 in the first of their two friendlies during the ongoing international break.   got on the scoresheet as Lee Carsley's team got the job done.  England aced the qualification stage and topped Group G with 25 points from 10 matches, only losing once during the group stage. Croatia played out a goalless draw against Israel in their last outing and will now take on a confident English side. They also have EURO U21 group stage fixtures lined up against Romania, Ukraine and Spain in June 2023.  brings you everything you need to know about how to watch the friendly between England U21 vs Croatia U21, plus team news, recent form and more.


Scotland vs Spain: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Scotland vs Spain in the Euro 2024 qualification stage from the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news.

 take on   in their second   match at Hampden Park in Glasgow on Tuesday. Scotland kicked off their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign on a high as they eased past Cyprus 3-0, with Scott McTominay scoring a brace and John McGinn finding the back of the net. Spain, too began their qualifying campaign with a comfortable 3-0 win over Norway, with Joselu scoring a brace on his international debut.   brings you everything you need to know about how to watch the Euro 2024 qualifier fixture Scotland vs Spain, plus team news, recent form and more.


Bruno Fernandes RUBBISHES Cristiano Ronaldo's claim that new Portugal boss Roberto Martinez has been a 'breath of fresh air'

Bruno Fernandes has rubbished Cristiano Ronaldo's claim that Roberto Martinez's arrival has been a "breath of fresh air" for Portugal.

The Spanish manager was drafted in to replace Fernando Santos after Portugal's disappointing showing at the 2022 World Cup, with Ronaldo reduced to a bench role as the Seleccao crashed out in the quarter-finals. Martinez assured the 38-year-old, who now plies his club trade at Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia,   ahead of Portugal's first set of Euro 2024 qualifiers. Ronaldo also hailed the impact of the new boss, telling reporters: "It’s a new chapter for everyone, for the players, the staff and the country. We feel good energy. It’s a breath of fresh air." However, Fernandes has played down Martinez's effect, insisting that the atmosphere "has always been good" in the Portugal camp. Asked if he agrees with Ronaldo's assessment, the Manchester United star told Portuguese TV channel  : "No, it's just a new coach with new ideas. There is no breath of fresh air at all. It's just a transition period. The atmosphere in the national team has always been good. There's never been anything that wasn't fresh of the air, so I think it's just new dynamics, new coach, and you have to assimilate his ideas." Martinez has got off to a flying start in his new job, with Portugal recording a 4-0 win against Liechtenstein before  . Ronaldo scored  , including a sublime free-kick against Liechtenstein, taking his overall  . Fernandes will return to action with Manchester United against Newcastle United on Sunday, while Ronaldo will enjoy a longer break until next Tuesday when Al-Nassr are slated to face Al-Adalah.


More international goals than Ronaldo & Messi: Meet Christine Sinclair, Canada's record-breaking star

Ronaldo broke Ali Daei's record, but he isn't the all-time international top scorer yet

 overtaking Iran's Ali Daei. Ronaldo has scored 122 times in 198 games for his country, three of those in his nation's triumphant Euro 2016 campaign and eight coming at World Cup finals. However, in order to become football's all-time top international goalscorer, Ronaldo needs to chase down the incredible tally of  . Christine Sinclair is a forward, primarily playing as an attacking midfielder, who is the captain of both the Canada women's national team and the Portland Thorns.  The 38-year-old has played in North America for her whole career, selected by FC Gold Pride as the eighth overall pick in the 2008 Women's Professional Soccer (WPS) expansion draft after starring for the Portland Pilots while attending university. She moved to Western New York Flash in 2011 and then joined the Thorns two years later, for the inaugural National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) season, where she has remained ever since.  Sinclair has played at five World Cup finals and three Olympic Games for her country, winning two bronze medals   She has also won both the WPS Championship and the NWSL Championship twice, lifted the NWSL Challenge Cup in 2021 and is widely regarded as Canada's greatest player of all time. Sinclair's record currently stands at 190 goals in 322 games for Canada.   scoring her 184th and 185th international goals against St Kitts and Nevis in the CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Championship. "Thank you to everyone for all the messages. I'm slightly overwhelmed," she posted on Twitter afterwards. "Thank you to all my teammates, coaches, staff, friends and family, 185 would not have been possible without you." The previous record was held by Abby Wambach, the former U.S. women's national team striker who twice won Olympic gold and also won the FIFA Women's World Cup. Wambach scored 184 goals in 255 games for her country before retiring in 2015. As well as being her country's all-time top goalscorer, Sinclair also has more caps (320) for Canada than anyone else, male or female. That total puts her second on the list of most capped players of all-time, behind the former U.S. women's national team star Kristine Lilly (354). Sinclair has been to the World Cup a record number of four times as a captain and has scored at least one goal at five different tournaments, a record she shares with Marta. She previously held the record for most goals scored in a single Olympic women's football tournament, netting six at London 2012,  The forward is also the only person to have won the Bobbie Rosenfeld Award more than once, a prestigious accolade given to Canada's female athlete of the year, and has been named Canadian Player of the Year an incredible 14 times. There are currently seven women's players who have more international goals than Ronaldo. Those women are U.S. women's national team star Alex Morgan (120), Germany's Birgit Prinz (128), with the American quartet of Lilly (130), Lloyd (134), Mia Hamm (158) and Wambach (184) then topped by Sinclair. . He is now only behind Ronaldo and Daei, having become the first South American to hit a century.


Wales vs Latvia: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Wales vs Latvia in the Euro 2024 qualification stage from the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news

 take on   in their second  game at Cardiff City Stadium on Tuesday. Wales kicked off their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign with a 1-1 draw against the 2022 World Cup semi-finalists Croatia. Latvia, on the other hand, will begin their qualifying campaign on Tuesday. They played a friendly match against Ireland in preparation for the qualifiers, which they lost 3-2.    brings you everything you need to know about how to watch the Euro 2024 qualifier fixture Wales vs Latvia, plus team news, recent form and more.


Who has scored the most hat-tricks? Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi, Erling Haaland and the most lethal finishers

The Portugal legend leads the way when it comes to trebles, but his arch-rival is not far behind

Lionel Messi's  His treble saw him move closer to Cristiano Ronaldo again after the Portugal star's recent hat-trick heroics for Al Nassr. The Portugal star is unmatched when it comes to hat-tricks with 62 trebles, with Messi sitting second in the rankings trailing by five trebles. They are followed by Robert Lewandowski and Luis Suarez, who both have 29 hat-tricks. Meanwhile, the next generation of super strikers has already made its way into the top 10 as well. Erling Haaland has found the net at least three times in one match on 18 occasions after, while Kylian Mbappe has taken the matchball home 14 times. Spurs' all-time top scorer Harry Kane has netted 15 hat-tricks over the course of his career. Let us find out  with the most hat-tricks in their professional careers. Cristiano Ronaldo Manchester United 62 Lionel Messi PSG 57 Robert Lewandowski Bayern Munich 29 Luis Suarez Gremio 29 Mario Gomez Retired 18 Sergio Aguero Retired 18 Erling Haaland Manchester City 18 Zlatan Ibrahimovic AC Milan 17 Harry Kane Tottenham 15 Kylian Mbappe PSG 14


England Euro 2024 qualifying: Group, fixtures, results & everything you need to know

Everything you need to know about the Three Lions' European Championship qualification campaign

Having reached the final of Euro 2020,   will hope to go one better at   and get their hands on the European Championship trophy. However, the Three Lions must first navigate the path to Germany by qualifying from their group. While they have tasted World Cup glory, England have never won the continental crown in their history, going close on a number of occasions, most notably in 2021 at Wembley. A new generation featuring the likes of Jude Bellingham, Declan Rice and Jack Grealish will hope to amend that. Here,   brings you everything you need to know about England's Euro 2024 qualifying campaign, including group standings, fixtures, results, TV details and more. Pos Team MP W D L GD Pts 1 2 2 0 0 +3 6 2 Italy 2 1 0 1 +1 3 3 North Macedonia 1 1 0 0 +1 3 4 Ukraine 1 0 0 1 -2 0 5 Malta 2 0 0 2 -3 0 England were drawn in Group C for the Euro 2024 qualification stage. The draw took place in October 2022. The Three Lions will come up against Italy, Ukraine, North Macedonia and Malta. Date Fixture Kick-off time (UK) TV channel Mar 23, 2023 Italy 1-2 England 7:45pm Channel 4 Mar 26, 2023 England 2-0 Ukraine 5pm Channel 4 Jun 16, 2023 Malta vs England 7:45pm Channel 4 Jun 19, 2023 England vs North Macedonia 7:45pm Channel 4 Sep 9, 2023 Ukraine vs England 5pm Channel 4 Oct 17, 2023 England vs Italy 7:45pm Channel 4 Nov 17, 2023 England vs Malta 7:45pm Channel 4 Nov 20, 2023 North Macedonia vs England 7:45pm Channel 4 Euro 2024 qualifying started in   with the group stage running until late  . England opened up their   on March 23.   opened the scoring for the visitors before   doubled the visitors' lead from the penalty spot. The goal was a landmark strike for   and overtook Wayne Rooney in the standings. The Three Lions then defeated Ukraine on March 26 at Wembley,   thanks to goals from Kane and  . A trip to Malta follows on June 16, with North Macedonia visiting London on June 19. The Three Lions then play Ukraine again on September 9, with Italy arriving at Wembley for a re-run of the Euro 2020 final on October 17. England conclude their campaign with a double header against Malta at home and North Macedonia away. The Euro 2024 play-offs, which involves teams that qualified through the UEFA Nations League, will then take place in March 2024.  has the broadcasting rights to show England's Euro 2024 qualifying matches on TV in the United Kingdom (UK).  is Channel 4's online streaming service and it can be accessed via any internet browser or via the All 4 app.  has the broadcasting rights for Euro 2024 qualifiers in the United States (U.S.), with games available to stream live online through  . Tickets for England games can be purchased at the official England Football website. Tickets can also be bought through a variety of exchange and re-sale websites too, including Viagogo and StubHub. Euro 2024 will kick off on   and conclude with the final a month later on  . That means the tournament is scheduled to begin just over six months after the qualification stage ends. Germany will host Euro 2024, with the country staging the tournament for the third time in its history. Venues across 10 cities, including Berlin, Munich and Dortmund, will play host to games.


Zara Kramzar: Roma's 'unique' record-breaking teen earning comparisons to Christine Sinclair

The first player born in 2006 to play in Serie A, Zara Kramzar is proving integral to her club's hopes of making history this season

There were 10 minutes left on the clock and Roma, chasing a first ever Serie A title for its women's team, had yet to break the deadlock against bottom club Sampdoria. So, h  turned to his bench and called over Zara Kramzar, a 17-year-old midfielder from Slovenia that few had heard of before her move to Italy last summer. Within five minutes, the substitution had paid off. Despite being on the floor in the box when   such was the pressure from the opposing defender, the teenager somehow managed to direct it into the back of the net to win the game. It was her most decisive contribution to the Roma cause yet. Slovenia may not be the first country you think of when you think of football. Its men's team has qualified for three major tournaments since becoming independent from Yugoslavia in 1991 but, having been knocked out in the group stages each time, is perhaps most famous for producing two of the best goalkeepers of recent years – Jan Oblak and Samir Handanovic. The women's team has yet to make a big international event. In fact, of the 17 major tournaments in the women's game since 1991, it didn't even enter the qualification process for six of them. There can be cautious optimism for the future, with Slovenia's current squad peppered with talents in their 20s who are playing in big European leagues, such as Sara Agrez, who represents two-time European champions Wolfsburg, and Lara Prasnikar, a prolific goalscorer for Eintracht Frankfurt. But in Kramzar, Slovenia doesn't just have another great player who can play in a top team. Despite the country's lack of success on the biggest stage, it appears to have a talent who could go on to achieve whatever she desires.


Lionel Messi STORMS past 100-goal milestone for Argentina with stunning first-half hat-trick against Curacao

Argentina captain Lionel Messi scored a hat-trick against Curacao on Tuesday to race past the 100-goal barrier for the world champions.

Messi took just 37 minutes to score a hat-trick in a 7-0 thrashing of Curacao on Tuesday. The goals mean the 35-year-old has become just the third player to hit over a century at international level, joining Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo (122) and Iran's Ali Daei (109) in achieving the feat. Messi is also the first male South American player to achieve the landmark. He opened the scoring in the 20th minute to bring up his 100th goal in trademark style, receiving a pass in the box before slipping past his marker and placing the ball expertly into the bottom corner. ¡GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLAZO DE  , LO HIZO LIONEL ANDRÉS MESSI CUCCITTINI!👊🏼🤩🔥  🏆   -  🎥 El primero de  , el 1⃣0⃣0⃣ del capitán ⚽  Messi has been enjoying himself back in Argentina as the   on home soil with two friendly matches. The captain scored his   in a friendly win over Panama last time out and has now joined the 100 club. The Argentina   to recognise his phenomenal career.  "What a nice way to close these dates, impressive today all the people in Santiago del Estero," Messi wrote on  . "I wish we can continue to share together many moments like these and that this craziness never ends!!!" The Argentine's   but he will now return to Paris Saint-Germain. Christophe Galtier's side are due back in action against Lyon in Ligue 1 on Sunday, April 2.


Scotland Euro 2024 qualifying: Group, fixtures, results & where to watch

Everything you need to know about Scotland's European Championship qualification campaign

Having failed to make it to the 2022 World Cup,   now look to the   as they attempt to navigate a path to the European Championship in Germany next year. With Scotland supporters heavily backing their team in terms of a record number of membership renewals for the calendar year 2023, high hopes lie on the shoulders of Andy Robertson, Grant Hanley, John McGinn and Lewis Ferguson among others while youngster Calvin Ramsay will also hope to make his mark. Here,   brings you everything you need to know about Scotland's Euro 2024 qualifying campaign, including group standings, fixtures, results, TV details and more. Pos Team MP W D L GD Pts 1 2 2 0 0 +5 6 2 Spain 2 1 0 1 +1 3 3 Georgia 1 0 1 0 0 1 4 Norway 2 0 1 1 -3 1 5 Cyprus 1 0 0 1 -3 0 Scotland were drawn in Group A for the Euro 2024 qualification stage. The draw took place in October 2022. Steve Clarke's side will come up against Spain, Norway, Georgia and Cyprus. Date Fixture Kick-off time (UK) TV channel Mar 25, 2023 Scotland 3-0 Cyprus 2pm Mar 28, 2023 Scotland 2-0 Spain 7:45pm Jun 17, 2023 Norway vs Scotland 5pm Jun 20, 2023 Scotland vs Georgia 7:45pm Sep 8, 2023 Cyprus vs Scotland 7:45pm Oct 12, 2023 Spain vs Scotland 7:45pm Nov 16, 2023 Georgia vs Scotland 5pm Nov 19, 2023 Scotland vs Norway 7:45pm Euro 2024 qualifying began in   with the group stage running until late  . Scotland's first games are at Hampden Park against Cyprus and Spain on March 25 and 28 respectively. The Tartan Army kicked off with an   and followed it up with a  . Then in June, Scotland visit Norway on the 17th and host Georgia on the 20th, before taking on Cyprus on September 8 and facing Spain again on October 12. Scotland conclude their campaign as they clash in the return ties against Georgia and Norway in November. The Euro 2024 play-offs, which involves teams that qualified through the UEFA Nations League, will then take place in March 2024.  has the broadcasting rights to show Scotland's Euro 2024 qualifying matches on TV in the United Kingdom (UK), with streaming available via the   app.  has the broadcasting rights for Euro 2024 qualifiers in the United States (U.S.). Games can be streamed live through  . Euro 2024 will kick off on   and conclude with the final a month later on  . That means the tournament is scheduled to begin just over six months after the qualification stage ends. Germany will host Euro 2024, with the country staging the tournament for the third time in its history. Venues across 10 cities, including Berlin, Munich and Dortmund, will play host to games.


Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang DESPERATE to join Barcelona but angry Chelsea refusing to sell him to Liga giants

Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is desperate to join Barcelona but Chelsea do not want to sell him to the Liga side amid huge uncertainty over his future.

The Blues spent  cos Alonso head in the opposite direction. Aubameyang has, however, failed to live up to expectations at Stamford Bridge, scoring three times in 18 appearances across all competitions, and finds himself low down the pecking order under Graham Potter.     desperate to return to Camp Nou to revive his career but Chelsea are not going to make it easy for him. Indeed, it has been reported that club management were left angered by Aubameyang's visit to  Chelsea did get offers from the MLS for Aubameyang in January but a transfer ultimately did not materialise. The option of a potential contract termination is not believed to be realistic, as Chelsea are convinced they will get offers for Aubameyang - whose contract runs until 2024 - in the summer. It is reported that Inter are keen to sign him but the player's preferred choice remains Barcelona. The forward will hope that Potter will give him an opportunity when Chelsea face Aston Villa on Saturday, although that scenario remains unlikely, with Aubameyang having not played for the Blues since February. Barcelona, meanwhile, will return to action against Elche in La Liga.


Arsenal's 2022-23 player power rankings: Saka and Odegaard on fire, but Smith Rowe and Kiwior need game time

The Gunners are riding high at the top of the Premier League but not everyone is excelling at the Emirates right now...

What a season it’s been so far from Arsenal! Mikel Arteta’s young side have surprised everyone with a Premier League title charge that shows no sign of slowing up yet. So, who have been the stand out performers so far for Arsenal and who needs to step up at the business end of the season?  takes a look below, rating each and every member of Arteta's table-topping squad...


Blow for Brazil as injured Marta out of Finalissima clash against England women

Brazil legend Marta, who recently returned from 11 months out, has picked up another injury and will miss a Finalissima clash with England at Wembley.

The  , who plays her club football for NWSL side the Orlando Pride, spent close to a year stuck on the sidelines after damaging anterior cruciate ligaments. Marta  , but is now heading back to the treatment table. A thigh muscle problem is keeping Marta out of action at present, with the decision taken to remove her from the latest Brazil squad. Duda Santos of Palmeiras has been called up in her place. Marta – who has 174 caps and 115 international goals to her name - will now play no part in a  , while also sitting out a friendly date with Germany five days later. Brazil will be hoping to have Marta back to full fitness in time for the 2023 Women’s World Cup this summer, with their quest for global glory set to get underway on July 23 when facing Panama – with further Group F outings against France and Jamaica to come after that.


From Leah Williamson's birthday bash to Chelsea's best 'ugly win' EVER! Women's Champions League winners and losers as Arsenal and Blues reach semi-finals

The Gunners stunned Bayern Munich at the Emirates before their London rivals knocked reigning champions Lyon out of Europe in dramatic fashion.

Barcelona, Arsenal, Wolfsburg and Chelsea – those are the final clubs remaining as we prepare for the Women's Champions League semi-finals. . Before that all unfolded at Stamford Bridge, Barca had already convincingly beaten Roma to reach the last four,   and Wolfsburg narrowly won a close tie with Paris Saint-Germain. Before we can look ahead to the next round, though, there is time to reflect on a crazy end to the quarter-finals.   highlights the winners and losers from the last eight...


Leeds United consider hiring Patrick Vieira as ex-Crystal Palace boss looks to make immediate Premier League return

Leeds United are reportedly looking to hire Patrick Vieira as their new manager as the Arsenal legend looks to make a return to the Premier League.

The French manager was   after a  . According to  the 46-year-old is still admired by the decision makers at Elland Road and they could turn to Vieira at the end of the season, when current manager Javi Gracia's contract expires. The report mentions Vieira was on the shortlist to replace Jesse Marsch in February after the American was relieved of his duties Palace brought after parting ways with Vieira, with   reporting that the players had become unsettled under his reign and that Vieira himself was frustrated by Palace's recruitment.  Leeds will travel to Emirates Stadium to take on league leaders Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.


'They're not laughing now!' - Wrexham’s 10-year plan to be playing Man Utd in the Premier League as co-owner Rob McElhenney airs his BIG ambitions

Rob McElhenney has stated that Wrexham hope to be competing with Manchester United as a Premier League club in the next “eight to 10 years”.

The ambitious Welsh outfit – who are   – are preparing to face the Red Devils in a pre-season friendly during the summer of 2023. That contest will   – by which point Wrexham could be back in the Football League – with the Dragons hoping that their paths will cross with United on a more regular basis in the years to come. McElhenney told reporters at a promotional event for an exhibition game that will take place at the end of the Red Devils’ summer tour of the United States: “Our ultimate goal is to get to the Premier League, which a lot of people laughed at in the beginning, but I don't think they're laughing as much now. The truth is that the system is in place for that very thing to happen, so why not us and why not now? We would hope that at some point we would be playing Manchester United in the Premier League. We didn't realise it would be in three years, and obviously, this is a friendly, but we hope that maybe in eight to 10 years, we'll be playing you guys in competition.” Reynolds and McElhenney have never shied away from the fact that they want to see Wrexham reach the top-flight at some stage during their tenure, with the pair having completed their stunning takeover of the club back in February 2021. Wrexham are currently  , with there seven fixtures left for them to take in this season as they sit level on points with Notts County but with two games in hand held on the high-flying Magpies.


Premier League rejects HUGE £15m offer to create Netflix Drive to Survive-style series

The Premier League has reportedly turned down an offer to create a Drive to Survive-style Netflix documentary series.

Talks had taken place between Box To Box Films and the Premier League for a potential behind-the-scenes series on England's top-flight division. According to  the negotiations between the two parties have failed to come to fruition and no such series will be made. The docu-series would have closely resembled Netflix's hit show  which delves into the on and off the track lives of the drivers involved in the sport. Similarly, this docu-series would have focused on the workings of the Premier League, including interviews with players and senior officials.   reports that the deal would have been worth £5 million-a-season for Premier League clubs.  including former Liverpool skipper Steven Gerard's documentary    series - showcasing the dominance of Roberto Duran, Marvelous Marvin Hagler,  which followed tennis superstars throughout the grand slam calendar - and many more. The Premier League will resume following the international break, with Manchester City and Liverpool locking horns at the Etihad Stadium in the first game of the weekend on Saturday.


Welcome to Wrexham season 2: Release date, how to watch and stream & everything you need to know

Fans of the hit documentary series will have more of the Hollywood magic to look forward to after season one's success

Hollywood stardust descended on   when   and   bought the club in 2020. A hit documentary series soon followed, with the actors' combined profile helping to bring the National League club to a swathe of new audiences across the world.  earned glowing reviews in the United Kingdom and United States, but,  , "there is so much more of the real story of Wrexham AFC to be told. The more people who want to join us on that story the better, says I." So, with that in mind,   brings you everything we know about season two so far. Yes, there will be a second season of Welcome to Wrexham. Rob McElhenney confirmed that the second season was in the works,   following the season one finale. "Season two will return next year," wrote McElhenney, before jokingly adding: "I have a clause in my contract that stipulates I will not do anything less than 16 seasons of a TV show." The second season of Welcome to Wrexham is due for release in  . The exact date is not yet clear, but logic dictates that it will be released following the conclusion of the 2022-23 season, which wraps up in May 2023. Filming will be ongoing throughout the campaign, capturing moments both on and off the field. Season one of the series was launched in August 2022, so it seems likely that season two will follow a similar timeline. We will have to wait and see. Country Streaming service United States United Kingdom Disney+ Welcome to Wrexham is an FX production and it can be streamed on   in the  . In order to watch the series in the U.S., you will have to subscribe to Hulu. Price plans   and there is a free trial period. In the  , the series can be streamed online via  . A monthly subscription to the service costs  . Welcome to Wrexham season two is set to follow the fortunes of Wrexham across the 2022-23 season. It is expected that the series will pick up where it left off in season one, with the club picking itself up after a rollercoaster campaign in 2021-22. Wrexham are attempting to get promoted from the National League - which is the fifth tier of the English football pyramid - into the EFL League Two. The 2022-23 season saw the Welsh outfit reach the fourth round of the FA Cup and they have also announced 2023-24 pre-season tour plans in the United States, which include a game against Manchester United.


England to try and persuade Folarin Balogun to snub USMNT with crunch meeting scheduled for next week

Under-21 boss Lee Carsley has revealed he will travel to France to try and convince Folarin Balogun to commit his future to England.

Balogun's international future is uncertain with the striker eligible to play for England and the United States. The Arsenal striker, who is  , was called up by the  . He has since been  , and Carsley says he will meet with the attacker in France next week to try and convince him to play for the Three Lions. "That is the plan. You're always going to miss a player with that knack of scoring. He's going to have to make a decision, so all we can do is tell him how much we rate him. The rest is down to him," he told reporters. "I'll just be making the point of how important he is to us. Hopefully we can talk a little bit about patience and understanding that he is going to have to keep doing what he's doing to break through to the senior team. Like a lot of players in our squad, we've got a lot of players that are pushing. Hopefully he can see that. I've been there myself as a young player, you're in a rush and you want to get there quickly. Hopefully I can convince him." Carsley will hope he can convince Balogun after seeing the Arsenal loanee impress in Ligue 1 this season by scoring 18 goals for Reims. Yet USMNT fans have also been doing their best to tempt the forward,   to join the Stars and Stripes ahead of the team's recent win over El Salvador. Coach   they would love to have Balogun in their set-up. Balogun is due to return to domestic action with Reims on Sunday, April 2 against Nantes in Ligue 1.


The evolution of laceless football boots: design, market leaders and more

17 years of innovation and a lot more to come 

When adidas released its laceless ACE 16+ Purecontrol at the start of 2016, the hype train began immediately. Headlines praised the “world’s first laceless boot” and saluted adidas for its innovations. In reality, though,  had already existed for a decade, launched by Italian bootmaker Lotto in 2006. The Lotto Zhero Gravity was a game-changing design, although its impact wasn’t felt at the time. It was worn by  ,  , and   – showing how important Lotto thought the innovation was – and briefly caused a stir in 2006. The benefits of the Zhero Gravity, however, were overlooked, and it would be a full ten years before laceless boots established themselves as an important part of the football world. The ACE 16+ Purecontrol began a love affair with laceless boots that  . The German manufacturer is still the only major brand that released all of its silhouettes in laceless form, while some of its competitors – namely Nike – have yet to launch their first boot without laces. When adidas first teased the laceless design, the brand’s then-VP of Design, Sam Handy, described it as “the purest possible expression of a football boot.” In that same interview  , Handy went on to explain the 24-month process of designing and creating the shoe. “We have had to modify and adjust for different player types, and we have kept the needs of the world’s best footballers at the forefront of the entire process,” he said. The result was a boot with “everything you need, and nothing you don’t need.” After the arrival of the ACE 16+ Purecontrol, innovations came thick and fast in the laceless world. adidas returned with the X17+ Purespeed, complete with a fish scale style upper, in 2017, before   merged the forward-thinking laceless designs with footballing heritage a year later. Dubbed the Medusae Elite 3 and weighing just 170 grams, the British label’s new boot was the first ever laceless silhouette constructed from leather (most had gone for a knit texture in the past). It also came in a classic black and white colourway, guaranteeing to keep footballing purists happy despite the modern innovation at its heart.  Since then, adidas has established itself as the dominant force in laceless boots. While so far this year, the brand has focused on  , it has managed to incorporate its laceless technology. The Predator Accuracy, which launched earlier this month, comes in a laceless construction, allowing more space for the High Definition Grip rubber elements that run across the upper, giving more control and accuracy for the wearer. Other notable laceless boots from adidas have included 2019’s COPA 19+ – constructed from the classic K Leather as the brand reinvented one of its best-loved silhouettes, which used K Leather – and the  , which came with a lightweight design to add speed. It’s not just the Three Stripes, though. Nowadays, laceless boots are made by some of the other big-name football brands.  , which is designed for attacking players and is the brand’s key laceless style, while PUMA recently launched the   silhouette. All of the boots made by adidas, New Balance and PUMA tout the same benefits for laceless boots: more control and more accuracy.  There’s one major boot brand missing from that list. Even now, Nike are yet to enter the laceless boot market, although recent releases have shown that there could be something on the way. The brand has scrapped laceless for some of its junior silhouettes – most notably the Nike Jr. Superfly Pro and Nike Jr. Vapor 15 Academy – both of which show how laceless Nike boots could look one day. The traditional lacing system is replaced by pull tabs and crisscrossing straps, with Nike emphasising how easy they are to put on and how quickly you can get on the pitch. At the elite level, Nike also has been testing the water in recent years, most notably through its Phantom line. With the Phantom VSN that launched in 2020 and the Phantom GX design that came at the end of 2022, Nike covered the laces using the Ghost Lace System, which conceals the laces underneath a cover. This covering section adds more control by creating a smoother and larger area for striking the ball. Through its use of the Ghost Lace System, Nike may be acknowledging the benefits of laceless boots while also showing that you don’t have to get rid of the laces entirely. And what about Lotto, the brand that started it all? The Italian brand is showing how far ahead of the curve it was and continuing to honour the original Zhero Gravity. In 2021, Lotto released a new take on the innovative silhouette, updating it for modern football. The laceless upper stayed the same, but the brand added a lightweight and modern outsole designed for more flexibility. It also continues to carry the laceless torch with its Solista line of silhouettes. When Lotto launched the Zhero Gravity 17 years ago, it hoped to revolutionise football boot design. It took a little longer than the brand expected – and with adidas taking on the mantle – but laceless boots are now an integral part of the footballing world, and even Nike appears to be adapting to the change.


'We did it there!' - Georgina Rodriguez reveals the weirdest place she's had sex with Cristiano Ronaldo

Georgina Rodriguez has inadvertently revealed the weirdest place that she has had sex with long-term partner Cristiano Ronaldo.

The Argentina-born influencer, who has  , is currently  . That show lifts the lid on Rodriguez’s private life, with viewers occasionally getting more than they bargained for.  In a recent episode, Rodriguez was speaking with friends over dinner about a time in which she was unable to get her arms wet after having a tattoo – leading to her ending up in a home spa with former Manchester United, Real Madrid and Juventus star Ronaldo. She said: “I had avoided bathing on the beach, but I came home and Cris told me to go to the spa. I was super grated with my arms up in the spa so they wouldn't get wet. I was fed up with having my arms like this. Also, in the pool at home I almost don't stand up and I say, 'I give up'.” One of Rodriguez’s friends saw where the conversation was going and said: “You could have made love in bed, not in the spa.” Rodriguez, without thinking, blurted out in response: “No, we did it there.” Rodriguez, aware of what we had said, suddenly went all shy after making her revelation, leading her friends to suggest that she had “become nervous” after offering an  . Rodriguez and Ronaldo, who have two children together – taking the Portuguese superstar’s total number of kids to five – are   following a stunning switch to Al-Nassr that has seen one of the most iconic talents of all-time become  .


USWNT Women's World Cup 2023 roster: Who will Vlatko Andonovski take to Australia & New Zealand?

Reigning champions, the U.S. is one of the favourites for the title. But who will be on its World Cup roster?

This summer, the U.S. women's national team will aim to do what no team has ever done before and win a third successive Women's World Cup title. However, things have not been easy for the world champion in recent times,  . This is still a team packed with talent, though, and there will be high expectations on head coach Vlatko Andonovski at his first World Cup tournament despite recent struggles. So, who will he trust to deliver on the big stage and handle the pressure that comes with playing for the USWNT?  takes a look at those in the picture for Andonovski's 23-player World Cup roster...


Arsenal Women vs Bayern Munich Women: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Arsenal vs Bayern Munich in the Women's Champions League from the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news

 are set to host   in the second leg of their   quarter-final on Wednesday at the Emirates Stadium. Lea Schuller's 39th-minute goal in the first leg has given Bayern the crucial lead going into the second leg against Arsenal.  Arsenal have been in fine form this season and are just three points behind Manchester United in a wide-open title race in the league. When it comes to Europe, they've only lost one game in the group stage.  Bayern finished level on points with Barcelona in the group stage. They are also the league leaders domestically, with a one-point cushion over second-placed Wolfsburg. They will hope to keep the Arsenal attack at bay and also add to their first-leg advantage.


Sadio Mane & Julian Nagelsmann had FURIOUS dressing room row before Bayern manager's sacking

Bayern Munich forward Sadio Mane was reportedly involved in a furious dressing room row with Julian Nagelsmann prior to the manager's sacking.

Mane angrily confronted Nagelsmann about his lack of playing time at Bayern in front of the rest of the squad before the coach was fired, according to  . The former Liverpool man was unhappy at only playing eight minutes against Paris Saint-Germain in the second leg of their round of 16 Champions League tie and made his feelings clear after the game. Bayern players felt that Nagelsmann appeared to be intimidated by Mane during the incident, which shocked the dressing room. The Bavarian giants won the game 2-0 to secure their place in the quarter-finals of the competition. : Nagelsmann only lasted two more games before being   Mane will be hoping he can convince Tuchel to play him regularly at Bayern. The forward enjoyed a bright start to life in Germany but a leg injury,  , saw him sidelined for a lengthy spell and he has struggled to impress since. Bayern are   by his form and fitness. Tuchel has already made his intentions clear at Bayern and  , with the Bavarians still in contention in the Bundesliga, the Champions League and the German Cup.  Bayern have won only five of their 10 Bundesliga games in 2023 (3D 2L) and, with 52 points after 25 games, they are playing their weakest league season in 11 years - in 2011/12 they had 51 points at this stage of the season, which was the last time the Munich side were not German champions. The Bavarian giants begin life under new manager Tuchel with a crunch clash against current Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.


Will Harry Kane score 100 goals for England? Record-breaking Tottenham striker is up for the challenge

Harry Kane has become England’s all-time leading scorer, and he is up for the challenge of trying to record 100 goals for the Three Lions.

Another productive international break for the prolific Tottenham striker has seen him   to ever represent his country. Kane rewrote the history books when slamming home a penalty in Euro 2024 qualification against Italy, before then finding the target again in a meeting with Ukraine to   through 82 appearances. Quizzed on whether he could reach three figures before calling it a day, England captain Kane told  : “Getting 100 will be tough for sure, but I never count out anything. I am still young, I am 29, I am still fit and strong. I want to play for England for as long as I can. Every game there is I will be putting myself forward to try to play. We will take it step by step. The next step will be trying to get into the 60s. A hundred is not out of the question, it will be extremely tough but we will have to see how the next few years go.” Kane is rightly proud of all that he has achieved with England, saying of standing alone at the top of a notable goal chart: “I am extremely passionate about my country, I love playing for England. Even when I was younger, England was everything to me, watching them growing up. To be in that company now. To think of all the English legends and strikers that have played the game and to be No 1 now is just beyond my dreams. Playing for England is special and to have this record is special. I don't think I dreamt this far. I dreamt of playing for England and scoring for England – to be record goalscorer was not even in my dreams. I have had so many great moments and hopefully there are more to come.” England will not be action again until facing Malta and North Macedonia in June, with Kane heading back to Premier League duty with Spurs as   – with the likes of Manchester United and  .


'Brilliant' Erik ten Hag praised for putting Cristiano Ronaldo in his place by prospective Man Utd owner Thomas Zilliacus

Manchester United bidder Thomas Zilliacus praised the "amazing job" done by Erik ten Hag this term, particularly in the handling of Cristiano Ronaldo.

Despite a tough start to his tenure in Manchester, the Dutchman quickly set about laying down the law and not standing for ill discipline. While  , it was Ronaldo who was punished most severly for his comments berating the Dutchman and the club in general. The contract of the Portugal star was duly terminated and he was  , ruthless actions which prospective owner Zilliacus admitted he was a fan of. “From what I’ve seen, he’s a brilliant manager," the Finnish businessman told Dutch outlet   on Tuesday. "What he did with Ajax was amazing and what he’s done now with Manchester United is equally amazing. Because early in the season, things didn’t look very good. And he had the courage, which I really admire, to tell even big estabilished stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo ‘look, this is me running this and this is how I need to do’. "And that led Ronaldo to leave the club which now seems to have been a good move, because the club is doing significantly better without him. I think he’s done an amazing job. So I really hope that he stays with the club and if I would be the owner I’d definitely want to see him continue.” While the bids of   were the first to make headlines, Zilliacus is now firmly in the running having emerged on a platform of  . The Finish businessman has also called for a  , but told   that, whatever the format, fans will take centre stage in his process. “Without fans there is no club," Zilliacus continued. "When the deal is done and I own the club, I will invite them to buy shares in the club. As far as I am concerned, Manchester United does not belong to one person, not an ego trip, but to everyone with a heart for the club.” As the deadline for the second round of bidding has passed, it is now time for the Glazers to review the offers of those looking to buy the club outright, as well as those interested in solely investment opportunities.


Jude Bellingham delivers cheeky response to Jack Grealish’s Man City transfer request

Jude Bellingham has delivered a cheeky response to a suggestion from Jack Grealish on social media that he should be signing for Manchester City.

 The 19-year-old England international has become  , but only a select few would be able to afford the kind of asking price that Borussia Dortmund will be placing around the midfielder’s neck. Premier League champions City fall into that category, with Grealish replying to an Instagram post from Bellingham by telling the teenager to “come to City”. Without missing a beat, the highly-rated youngster responded to a post from Grealish by suggesting that he should “come to Dortmund”.   , alongside La Liga giants Real Madrid, with the likes of   as one of the hottest prospects in world football mulls over his next move.  Bellingham would find plenty of familiar faces at the Etihad Stadium were he to return to his homeland in Manchester, with Grealish being joined in Pep Guardiola’s ranks by fellow England stars John Stones, Kyle Walker and Kalvin Phillips.


Tottenham players 'stand behind' Antonio Conte sack decision - Dejan Kulusevski

Tottenham forward Dejan Kulusevski insisted that he and his fellow players "stand behind" the club's decision to part ways with Antonio Conte.

 that the Italian had been relieved of his duties after less than 18 months at the Spurs helm. The decision came after he lashed out his own players, as well as the club's  , following a dismal 3-3 draw to Premier League strugglers Southampton. Now under the guidance of Conte's right-hand man Cristian Stellini, Kulusevski admitted he would miss working under the coach that brought him to England in his first transfer window as Spurs boss. Asked for his thoughts on Conte's departure, the 22-year-old told Swedish outlet  : “It’s not me who decides. Whoever is the coach, we players will always accept and play for him and for everyone else. Now the club made this decision because they think it is the best and we players stand behind that." Kulusevski added: "[It's] always sad when a person you work with and have grown close to has to leave. But life goes on and you just have to move on. He has been very important. I have learned a lot from him and I will always remember him, but right now we have his assistant who I know very well. Then we’ll see who comes in next season, but I enjoy the city and the club very much." The Sweden international's dismay at having to be   reflects his comments immediately after the incident,   and appeared willing to continue under this guidance.   write that this isn't the case with most of the squad, however, who were reportedly pleased with the sacking - perhaps evidenced by   - having grown tired of the Italian's repetitive training sessions. Under the guidance of Stellini and with Ryan Mason acting alongside him, Kulusevski and Co will face their first challenge after the international break away to Everton on April 3.


Julie Ertz is BACK! USWNT name squad for Republic of Ireland friendlies with Sophia Smith returning and Becky Sauerbrunn set to be honoured for 200th cap

U.S. women's national team head coach Vlatko Andonovski has revealed his 26 players to take on Republic of Ireland in April's set of friendlies.

The Stars and Stripes will   with two legs against Ireland  , and look set to welcome back a host of familiar faces. Julie Ertz - currently without a club, but in negotiations with several teams - returns to the roster for the first time since the 2021 Olympics and 600 days after her last competitive match, after giving birth to her first child back in August. Highly-rated youngster Sophia Smith also returns having missed the first two USWNT squads of 2023 due to injury. Casey Krueger is welcomed back to the fold after giving birth to her first child in July of last year, meanwhile two-time World Cup winner Kelley O'Hara is back in the picture having not featured since July through injury. Fellow defender Tierna Davidson also makes a return having not played since February 2022. The matches against the Irish will also provide some landmark moments for a certain USWNT duo. Ertz will be honoured in the first match for earning her 100th cap, achieved just before the pandemic in March 2020. Becky Sauerbrunn, meanwhile, will be honoured in the second leg for reaching a staggering 200 caps reached back in February 2022, as her tally currently stands at 214. The final prep for Australia-New Zealand begins 👊  : Adrianna Franch (Kansas City Current; 10), Casey Murphy (North Carolina Courage; 13), Alyssa Naeher (Chicago Red Stars; 89) : Alana Cook (OL Reign; 23/0), Tierna Davidson (Chicago Red Stars; 48/1), Emily Fox (North Carolina Courage; 27/0), Crystal Dunn (Portland Thorns FC; 130/24), Naomi Girma (San Diego Wave FC; 14/0), Sofia Huerta (OL Reign; 28/0), Casey Krueger (Chicago Red Stars; 37/0), Kelley O’Hara (NJ/NY Gotham FC; 156/3), Becky Sauerbrunn (Portland Thorns FC; 214/0), Emily Sonnett (OL Reign; 73/1) : Julie Ertz (Unattached; 116/20), Lindsey Horan (Olympique Lyon, FRA; 126/26), Taylor Kornieck (San Diego Wave FC; 12/2), Rose Lavelle (OL Reign; 87/24), Kristie Mewis (NJ/NY Gotham FC; 50/7), Ashley Sanchez (Washington Spirit; 22/3), Andi Sullivan (Washington Spirit; 42/3) : Ashley Hatch (Washington Spirit; 17/5), Alex Morgan (San Diego Wave FC; 204/121), Trinity Rodman (Washington Spirit; 15/2), Sophia Smith (Portland Thorns FC; 27/12), Mallory Swanson (Chicago Red Stars; 87/32), Lynn Williams (NJ/NY Gotham FC; 52/15) The 26 players will battle it out to be among the 23 named in each match against against Ireland, the first of which will take place on April 8 in Austin, Texas, while the second leg three days later will be held in St. Louis, Missouri.


Mason Mount to Bayern Munich? Thomas Tuchel wants to take Chelsea midfielder to Bavaria amid contract uncertainty

New Bayern Munich boss Thomas Tuchel is plotting a reunion with Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, who is yet to agree on a new contract with the Blues.

News of stalled negotiations had seen the England international linked with  , most prominently Liverpool and Manchester United. But recent information from   suggests that Bayern are also keen to take advantage of Mount's situation, with Chelsea expected to ask for at least £50 million ($61.7m) for the 24-year-old, whose contract at the club expires next summer. The move would see a reunion between Mount and Tuchel, after the midfielder was a key part of Chelsea's 2021 Champions League-winning campaign barely six months after the German took charge. It may not be the only swoop for a former Blue by the recently-appointed Bayern boss, as Tuchel openly admitted in his first press conference his desire to take   with him to Bavaria -  . Chelsea, for their part, may be forced to sell Mount regardless of any progress on contract talks. It was revealed on Monday that the club's £121m ($149.4m) losses for 2021-22, combined with the lavish spending by Todd Boehly and Co this campaign, may result in the Blues needing to offload numerous players in the summer  . Talk of his future will inevitably rage for some time, but for now the midfielder will be working on getting back to full fitness, having missed Chelsea's last four matches due to a pelvis problem that also saw him  .


13 fun facts about Vinícius Júnior

Everything you need to know about Real Madrid's franchise player Vinícius Júnior

Vinícius Júnior, commonly known as Vini Jr., is a young Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Real Madrid and the Brazilian national team. He was born on July 12, 2000, in São Gonçalo, Brazil. Vini Jr. started his football career at a young age, joining the youth academy of Flamengo, one of Brazil's biggest clubs, at the age of ten. He quickly rose through the ranks and made his senior team debut in 2017 at the age of 16.  His performances for Flamengo caught the attention of several top European clubs, and in 2018 he was signed by Real Madrid for a reported fee of €45 million, making him one of the most expensive teenagers in football history. Since joining Real Madrid, Vini Jr. has established himself as one of the most promising young talents in world football. He possesses excellent technical abilities, including impressive dribbling skills and a keen eye for goal.  He has also shown great versatility, and is capable of playing on both wings, although he is primarily a left winger and has made that role his own since Carlo Ancelotti returned for a second stint at Real Madrid in 2021.  In his debut season with Real Madrid, Vini Jr. was one of the few lone bright spots in an otherwise disastrous campaign, making his breakthrough under Santiago Solari, before an injury against Ajax in the second leg of the UEFA Champions League Round of 16 ended his season. However, he has become Los Blancos' poster boy in the last two years, playing an integral role in helping them clinch a La Liga-Champions League double in the 2021-22 season, scoring 22 goals in all competitions. He has also represented Brazil at various youth levels and made his senior team debut in 2019. At just 22 years of age, Vini Jr. has already achieved a lot in his career and has already become one of the best players in the world. However, what are some of the most interesting facts about the blistering Brazilian?


Luis Diaz set to hand Liverpool HUGE injury boost ahead of Manchester City clash - but Thiago Alcantara mystery deepens

Luis Diaz is ready to make his long-awaited return from injury for Liverpool against Manchester City this weekend.

 in the defeat to Arsenal back in October, but returned to full training at Kirkby on Tuesday, and providing there is no adverse reaction, Diaz will be part of Jurgen Klopp's squad for the trip to the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. The news will come as a huge boost for Klopp, whose side face a crunch eight days in the battle for a top-four finish. After facing City, the Reds travel to Chelsea on Tuesday before hosting league leaders Arsenal at Anfield on April 9. The Reds currently sit sixth in the Premier League, seven points behind fourth-placed Tottenham, albeit with two games in hand. With Newcastle five points clear of the Reds, they know defeat at Manchester City on Saturday (12:30 GMT) could all but end their Champions League qualification hopes.


'Antonio Conte clashes with everyone!' - Sacked Spurs manager's 'severe' character 'leaves you sleepless', says Christian Vieri

Antonio Conte is "accustomed to clashing with everyone", according to Christian Vieri, who was not surprised to see the Italian sacked by Tottenham.

A wild rant   after a disappointing 3-3 draw at Southampton led to Conte being dismissed by Spurs at the weekend. Speculation over the 53-year-old's future had raged throughout his second season in north London as he struggled to deliver consistent results while dodging questions over his contract. Vieri, who once played alongside Conte at Juventus, has now suggested that Conte was never going to last at Spurs due to his explosive character - much like his predecessor Jose Mourinho. In an interview with  the former Italy striker said: "Antonio is accustomed to clashing with everyone, it’s his character. If a club hires him, they should not expect someone happy with anything, but they know he is a severe and exigent person. It’s heavy to have him at a club, he leaves you sleepless. There are coaches like him and Jose Mourinho who are like hammers and demand the best from everyone at all times. And then there are those who are happy with anything. Everyone has his view.” After Conte's exit was made public, Tottenham forward Dejan Kulusevski came out in  . His team-mate Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg also  over Conte's rant at Southampton, in which he called the players "selfish", and asked him to "elaborate on" the comments he made. Christian Stellini will take charge of the Tottenham first team until the end of the season, with a crucial clash against Everton up next in the Premier League.


Antonio Conte's Tottenham sacking 'the right decision for everyone', insists Fabio Paratici

Antonio Conte's sacking at Tottenham was the "right decision for everyone", according to the club's managing director of football Fabio Paratici.

Conte left Tottenham  "The club supported him a lot with it and everyone is close to each other but then we arrive in this mutual agreement, and I think the decision that we made was the right decision for everyone," the Spurs chief told  Stellini was in charge of the team when Conte was recovering from gallbladder surgery earlier in the season. Paratici has thrown his weight behind the new manager while refusing to be drawn on speculation over Conte's long-term successor, with Mauricio Pochettino, Julian Nagelsmann and Luis Enrique currently being linked with the job. He added: "Cristian managed the team when Antonio was sick this season and was good. Ryan Mason can help him a lot. He knows everything about this club and group of players. We are really, really, really confident that these two people can do a very, very good job. "We do not speak about other coaches or follow the speculation in the media because it is just speculation. We are focused. We are now concentrating on helping Cristian and helping the staff, Ryan, and the players." Stellini will be in charge when Spurs make the trip to Goodison Park to face Everton in the Premier League on Monday.


Liverpool eyeing Evan Ndicka on free transfer with Eintracht Frankfurt defender set to leave Germany in summer

Liverpool are reportedly eager to sign Eintracht Frankfurt's Evan Ndicka on a free transfer, with the defender set to leave the club in the summer.

The Frenchman reportedly turned down a final extension offer from the Bundesliga outfit, which has alerted a number of top European clubs. According to the Liverpool are looking to steal a march on the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona in the race for Ndicka. The Reds are closely monitoring the development of the towering centre-back, who won the Europa League last season and also impressed in the Champions League this season before Eintracht's round of 16 loss to Napoli. The Reds are looking to overhaul their squad in the summer, and a new centre-back is on their wishlist along with midfield reinforcements. Ndicka is a versatile left-footed defender who can slot in as a left-back if required, and has also occasionally featured as a holding midfielder.   states that his free agency is an attractive proposition for both Liverpool and Barcelona, with the two clubs currently looking for a number of new players while operating on a limited budget. Ndicka, however, wants guaranteed first-team action, and with Ibrahima Konate shining alongside Virgil van Dijk in the Liverpool team, it might be tough for Jurgen Klopp to convince him to move to Anfield. The German outfit will be in action on Friday against VFL Bochum in Bundesliga, while Liverpool are set to make a trip to the Etihad Stadium on April 1 to face Manchester City in the Premier League.


'This is not football' - Rodri BLASTS Scotland's 'rubbish' style of play after Spain suffer huge upset at Hampden

Spain midfielder Rodri has criticised Scotland's "rubbish" tactics after being on the end of a shock 2-0 defeat in Euro 2024 qualifying.

Two goals from   handed   in a European Championship qualifying clash on Tuesday. New Spain manager Luis de la Fuente made eight changes to his team, after   last time out, but saw his side slip to an embarrassing defeat as Scotland picked up their first win over Spain since 1984. Manchester City star Rodri wasn't happy with the home side's tactics at Hampden, though, and accused them of time-wasting to see out the victory. "It's the way they play, in the end you have to respect it, but for me it's a bit rubbish. It's always wasting time, they provoke you, they always fall. This for me is not football," he told   after the game. "The referee says nothing and it's a bit frustrating because we want to win. It's difficult, because they waste time. But they have their weapons, and we will learn for the next time." Rodri did, however, admit his team should have been better in possession and lamented their failure to find the back of the net. "We wanted to go in the duels and the battles. We always fight, but this is not about fighting, it's about wasting time, it's about four or five players falling to the floor, those kinds of situations," he added. "These teams are always physically strong, but we have to use our weapons. We are good with the ball and have to move the ball quickly. Today we did many good things, but we didn't score." The result leaves Spain three points adrift of Group A leaders Scotland but still second in the standings. De la Fuente's decision to rest players such as Gavi, Alejandro Balde and Dani Olmo backfired as he becomes the first Spain boss to lose his first away game in charge since  . Spain have lost a game by a margin of 2+ goals for the first time since June 2016 against Italy in the European Championship finals (0-2), and for the first time in Euro qualification since October 2006 to Sweden. Spain's next Euro qualifier is not until September against Georgia. Before then, La Roja take on Italy in the semi-finals of the Nations League in June.


Video shows footballer's car flying through air & smashing into sports hall as horrific crash sees Sofian Kiyine rushed to hospital

Sofian Kiyine suffered a horrific crash as his car flew off the road and into the air before smashing through the wall of a sports hall in Belgium.

The OH Leuven player seemed to lose control of his car at a roundabout in Liege, Belgium, on Thursday evening and ended up smashing through the walls of a sports hall at high speed, leaving a huge hole in the building. Kiyine was rushed to hospital, with his condition described as non-life threatening.  🚨🚨🚨 El momento del grave accidente de Sofian Kiyine 😟 ALLAH Y CHAFIH 🤲 "He is not in a life-threatening condition. Fortunately, no other vehicles or persons were involved in the accident. The club is waiting for more clarity about the exact circumstances of how the accident came about before responding further. We wish Sofian a speedy recovery." It has been reported that there were children in the building at the time of the accident, although fortunately they had left the hall area moments before the crash, with no further injuries reported.


WATCH: Nicolas Otamendi gets Lionel Messi World Cup trophy tattoo - and the PSG star LOVES it!

Lionel Messi has responded to Argentina team-mate Nicolas Otamendi getting a new tattoo that features him touching the World Cup trophy.

 The seven-time Ballon d’Or winner  , with his seven-goal haul helping the Albiceleste to secure a global crown while he landed the second Golden Ball of his remarkable career. Celebrations on the back of that triumph in the Middle East have dragged on for several months, with no-nonsense centre-half Otamendi the   by Messi and Co. Gloria Eterna ⭐️⭐️⭐️   Messi has aired his pride at being etched onto the skin of a fellow countryman, saying of Otamendi’s design: “I saw a lot of spectacular things that were done because of the World Cup, but that a colleague, a friend like Otamendi getting this tattoo is something more than special!!! Thank you very much Ota!”  Argentina’s victorious squad got the chance to toast their World Cup success on Argentinian soil during the latest international break, as they took to the field in Buenos Aires, while Messi has now   across all competitions while also  .


WATCH: Cristiano Ronaldo mobbed in Madrid as he takes £8.8 MILLION Bugatti Centodieci out for dinner with Georgina Rodriguez

Cristiano Ronaldo was mobbed by fans in Madrid after taking partner Georgina Rodriguez out for dinner in his £8.8 million ($11m) Bugatti Centodieci.

 The Portuguese is known for boasting an enviable collection of expensive wheels, with his supercharged Bugatti one of just 10 models on the planet. He gave that a spin when heading out for some food in the Spanish capital – having been back in Portugal for the start of Euro 2024 qualifying – and was spotted by crazed supporters that chanted his name and snapped selfies before seeing their hero drive off.  Ronaldo’s   – with the five-time Ballon d’Or winner also the proud owner of a £2m Bugatti Chiron, a £500,000 Ferrari 599 GTO a McLaren Senna worth £750,000, a £500,000 Phantom Drophead, a £1.5m Bugatti Veyron, a Mercedes-Benz S65 AMG worth £200,000, a bright orange McLaren MP4-12C (£200,000), a Ferrari Monza worth £1.4m and a Lamborghini Aventador (£270,000). Ronaldo also bought a Bentley Flying Spur worth £250,000 when returning to Manchester United in 2021, along with a £200,000 Aston Martin DBS Superleggera convertible, while he also has a Bentley Continental GT, a Lamborghini Urus, a Chevrolet Camaro and a third Rolls Royce that was gifted to him by   for his 37th birthday.  Ronaldo has been on the move again recently, following his  , with the all-time leading goalscorer in men’s international football – who has   in 198 appearances – now plying his trade in Saudi Arabia for Al-Nassr.


Barcelona plan to play Lionel Messi in MIDFIELD if he secures sensational return to Camp Nou from PSG

Barcelona are reportedly drawing up plans that would see Lionel Messi fill a midfield playmaking post for them if he were to return to Camp Nou.

Speculation regarding a possible retracing of steps to Catalunya for the Argentine icon has been mounting in intensity as his  . With no fresh terms agreed in France as yet, the 35-year-old could drop into the free agent pool this summer. Barca are understandably keeping a close eye on events in Paris, with Messi having previously registered 672 goals for them while claiming 10 La Liga titles and four Champions League crowns.   claims that the 2022 World Cup winner has already spoken to number of figures in the Blaugrana dressing room regarding  . The major stumbling block for Barca at present is Financial Fair Play regulations, with   before a move for Messi can be considered – with a number of players expected to be offloaded in the summer transfer window as the Catalan giants seek to balance their books.


Explained: Why France's best players have refused to play at the Women's World Cup 2023

Wendie Renard, Marie-Antoinette Katoto and Kadidiatou Diani have all said they won't play in Australia and New Zealand. Why?

Under normal circumstances, France would head to the Women's World Cup this summer as one of the favourites to lift the trophy, such is the vast amount of talent they have available. However, just five months out from the tournament kicking off in Australia and New Zealand, captain  , with star names Marie Antoinette-Katoto and Kadidiatou Diani following suit soon after. Their decisions raised serious questions about the French Football Federation (FFF) and head coach Corinne Diacre,  It also made France the third nation ranked in FIFA's top seven to be facing a rather public dispute between the players and the federation in a World Cup year,   and  . . So, will France have all the players they want available for the 2023 Women's World Cup?  has everything you need to know about what is unfolding with the France women's national team. Renard, an eight-time European champion with Lyon, was the first to announce that she would not play at this summer's World Cup. "I have defended the blue, white and red shirt 142 times with passion, respect, commitment and professionalism,"  . "I love France more than anything else, I am not perfect, far from it, but I can no longer support the current system which is far from the requirements of the highest level. "It is a sad day but necessary to preserve my mental health. It is with a heavy heart that I come to inform you of my decision to step back from the French team. I will unfortunately not be playing in this World Cup in such conditions. "My face may hide the pain but my heart is suffering... and I don't want to suffer anymore. Thank you for your support and for respecting my decision." Merci pour votre soutien et le respect de ma décision. 🇫🇷  Diani and Katoto, two of the best forwards in world football, followed. "Following the statement of our captain Wendie Renard and in view of the recent results and management of the French team, I announce that I am suspending my international obligations in order to concentrate on my club career,"  . "I am the first fan of the French team and if the necessary changes are finally made, I will return to the service of the French shirt." "The words of our captain Wendie lead me in my turn to talk about the situation in the France team,"  . "The events of 2019, the injury of 2022 then the recent events show me that I am no longer adequate with the management of the France team and the values transmitted. "I therefore take the decision to put my international career on hold until the necessary changes are applied." Katoto's mention of 2019 referred to Diacre's decision not to call her up to the home World Cup, despite her finishing as the top goal-scorer in the French league that season. Griedge Mbock Bathy, the France defender who is currently out injured, also shared a statement in which she expressed "solidarity" with her team-mates. "It is above all a cry from the heart which I hope will be heard,"  . ✊🏾✊🏾  This was not the first time there was controversy under Diacre's reign. Eugenie Le Sommer, France's all-time leading scorer, was surprisingly omitted from her Euro 2022 squad, as was Amandine Henry. Henry had been named Player of the Match in the Women's Champions League final only nine days earlier. "It just doesn’t add up," the midfielder told  . She was last called up to play for France by Diacre in November 2020. Sarah Bouhaddi, the PSG goalkeeper who won eight Champions League titles with Lyon, also retired from international duty while Diacre was in charge. “Winning a title with this coach seems impossible to me," she said. Neither Katoto nor Renard explicitly pointed the finger at any one person as to why they were withdrawing from selection. However, as the comments from Bouhaddi show, unrest appears to have been bubbling under for some time. Renard, for example, was previously stripped of the captaincy back in 2017. Diacre said that her level was not high enough, in a year when the defender won the league title, the Champions League and was named to the FIFPRO World XI. In her book,  , Renard said she had suffered from the "rejection and brutality" of the coach. Despite all of these situations, though, Diacre remained. It's not just about the coach, either. Gaetane Thiney, Paris FC's veteran midfielder, gave an interview to   magazine in 2021 in which she explained that the 2015 Women's World Cup "completely broke her", which asked questions of the federation as a whole. Noel Le Graet, the president of the FFF from 2011, has reportedly backed Diacre strongly throughout her tenure, but he is currently facing allegations of sexual harassment and stepped down from his role on February 28, 2023. He denies the allegations. On March 9,  , with the FFF describing the dysfunctions between players and coach as "irreversible". During that broadcast it emerged that Diani was unhappy about the lack of professionalism in Les Bleues' set-up - specifically highlighting an absence of specialist coaching and adequate medical care. "Aujourd'hui, je me sens plutôt bien. Notre capitaine Wendie Renard a décidé de prendre la parole. C'est très courageux de sa part et je pense qu'en tant que cadre il était vraiment important de la soutenir." Kadidiatou Diani sur sa mise en retrait des Bleues    "In the beginning, you had to be injured to qualify for a massage or treatment session like you would have in a club," she said. "The FFF must make changes. We raised a cry of alarm. We expressed our feelings. I think they will study our case and take all this seriously to move our team forward. "I think we've reached a point of no return. So, here, for me, if we want to talk about a breakup, then I'll talk about a breakup. I think it's important to have something new because the girls just can't take it anymore. "I find that we lack professionalism in the France team. Today, we find ourselves with a fairly small staff. It's the coach who decides on her staff," she added.  "We don't have an assistant coach, no specific 'attacking' coach, I'm talking about that because I'm an attacker and it’s true that sometimes I would like to work in front of the goal." . He had already taken a step back from his role amid the allegations of sexual harassment and the resulting legal investigation. Philippe Diallo, vice-president, will act as interim president of the FFF until June 10, 2023, which is the date of the next federal assembly. On March 8,  . "For over ten days, I’ve been the subject of a smear campaign which is astonishing in its violence and dishonesty," she said. However, just a day later,  .  . Henry, Katoto and Diani were all unavailable for selection due to injury but the coach was asked about the former two and spoke well of both. He described Henry as a player "likely to be shortlisted for the World Cup" and said that he plans to meet Katoto in the next few days. "She is an  Renard will take charge of his country for the first time in the April international window, during which Les Bleues will host Colombia on April 7 and Canada on April 11 in a pair of friendlies.


Luke Shaw agrees new four-year Man Utd deal as he commits long-term future to Red Devils

Luke Shaw has reportedly agreed on a four-year contract extension at Manchester United, keeping him at the club until 2027.

That's according to information from  , who report that talks have been ongoing over an extension on his current deal, which expires in 2024.   to keep Shaw at the club for a further season, but have wanted to tie him down beyond that given his importance in Erik ten Hag's side. The Dutchman has utilised Shaw on 35 occasions across all competitions this campaign,  , a less than familiar position which the England international has excelled in nevertheless. The report continues that, aside from his one goal and six assists, Ten Hag has been impressed by Shaw's maturity and leadership, as United envisage a long-term future with a player who joined way back in 2014. After a   during the international break, the defender will be hoping to bounce back when club football returns this weekend, as United travel to Champions League hopefuls Newcastle on Sunday.


'Very unfortunate' - Chelsea captain Magdalena Eriksson 'doesn't understand' why FIFA wouldn't allow OneLove armbands at Women's World Cup

Chelsea captain Magdalena Eriksson has said it would be "very unfortunate" if FIFA opted to ban OneLove armbands at the Women's World Cup. 

The armbands - which feature rainbow colours -  , and recent reports have suggested that football's governing body is yet to make a decision on whether they will be permitted in Australia and New Zealand this summer. Speaking before Chelsea's Champions League clash with Lyon on Thursday, Eriksson revealed that she would be in favour of the OneLove armbands making a return for the World Cup. "It’s very unfortunate. We’ve been clear in the women’s game that we want to wear it as captains - a lot of national teams have come out and said it. I don’t understand the decision. Hopefully we can raise our voices together and change it," she said. A final verdict is yet to be made on the armbands' use, with FIFA releasing the following statement on the issue: "FIFA wishes to reiterate that no decision has been taken in relation to armbands. FIFA remains committed to ongoing dialogue with players and member associations." The Blues skipper will be hoping to help her side protect their one-goal led from the first leg against Lyon and progress to the Champions League semi-finals. Chelsea come into the contest on the back of a  .


Man Utd-linked Victor Osimhen LOSES his iconic face mask on international duty with Nigeria

Manchester United target Victor Osimhen, who has been starring at Napoli, has reportedly lost his iconic face mask while on international duty.

The 24-year-old striker, who his   this season, has been away with Nigeria taking in back-to-back Africa Cup of Nations qualification clashes with Guinea-Bissau. He has now returned to Italy ready for the resumption of domestic football, but is missing an important piece of luggage. According to  , Osimhen’s famous mask – which he has been donning since suffering a serious injury in November 2021 – has gone missing. The highly-rated frontman requires that protective covering after  . The orthopaedic staff who produce the masks for Osimhen are in the process of designing another, but he is unlikely to take ownership of that prior to Napoli’s clash with AC Milan on Sunday and he may have to make do with using an older version for now – with some superstitious supporters concerned that the striker, who  , will lose some of his powers without a lucky accessory.


Man Utd takeover bidder Thomas Zilliacus claims to have GAME-CHANGING revenue source that Glazer family missed

Manchester United takeover bidder Thomas Zilliacus claims to have a game-changing revenue source up his sleeve that the Glazer family has missed.

Formal offers for the Premier League heavyweights are on the table at Old Trafford, with the Glazers – who have   throughout an eventful reign in England – looking to generate around £6 billion ($7m) from a sale. It has been revealed that  , with revenue down 10 per cent in United’s latest financial results, but Zilliacus claims to have a money-making plan that he will unveil if his bid for ownership proves to be successful. Zilliacus has posted in a series of tweets: “The latest financial figures released by Manchester United show the club has missed one revenue source that could bring in more money than any of the current ones. If XXI Century Capital's bid wins that will change.” He added: “Many have asked what additional source of revenue I am talking about. I will reveal what it is if I am successful with my bid, and immediately implement it.” Zilliacus – who is the chairman and founder of novaM Group, Mobile FutureWorks and XXI Century Capital – has vowed to make United supporters central to his plans, claiming that he will sell half of the club to fans in the form of shares and allow them to vote on important club matters via an app. Zilliacus is, however, not the only runner in the race for United, with   – who is Britain’s richest man – also in contention   and U.S. hedge fund Elliott Management.


Blow for PSG as Jose Mourinho decides to STAY at Roma for another season

The Portuguese coach wants to see out his contract in the Italian capital which expires at the end of next season.

Mourinho has made up his mind to continue as Roma coach until his contract expires in 2024, according to the  The 60-year-old has considered his future over the international break while spending time with his family in London and opted to stay where he is for another season. The former Chelsea manager's decision is a blow to PSG, who are expected to change managers at the end of the season. Mourinho is one of a   in charge of the Ligue 1 side.   if Simone Inzgahi loses his job at San Siro. Mourinho arrived at Roma in 2021 and led the club to their   last season with victory in the Europa Conference League. Roma are in contention in Europe again this season, having made it to the quarter-finals of the Europa League, and sit in fifth place in Serie A.  Mourinho's team are back in Serie A action on Sunday against Sampdoria.


Ansu Fati upset that father ripped Barcelona without informing him rant was coming, with winger discovering controversy from bed

Ansu Fati has not taken kindly to the strong words given by his father Bori, which slammed current employers Barcelona and urged his son to move on.

Fati's father gave an explosive with   in the early hours of Wednesday morning claiming  , which, he claimed, is lower than the days when Lionel Messi was around (even though the player is set to break his personal best for La Liga appearances). Fati, the rather  , was in bed at the time of said interview, and   reports that he was completely unaware it was taking place. The Spanish outlet continues that the 20-year-old is upset by being blindsided by his father, as he has thus far kept a low profile in front of the media and internally at Barca. As a result, it is thought that Fati is considering releasing a statement in order to separate himself from his father's comments. It appears, then, that Fati's reactions to his father's comments suggest he is willing to wait it out at Barca and work his way back into the starting line-up - that is, 


Will Millie Bright play against Lyon? Chelsea boss Emma Hayes issues injury update ahead of HUGE Champions League clash

Millie Bright did not train for Chelsea the day before their Champions League clash with Lyon - but she could still feature at Stamford Bridge.

Bright was taken off before half time in the   tie following a challenge with Lyon forward Delphine Cascarino and subsequently missed the  . However, Hayes offered a positive update on her fitness before Thursday's game. We trained without Millie today, but everyone else trained. We’ve got time until tomorrow, we’re just maximising the time, but she wasn’t in training today," Hayes revealed. Hayes will be desperate for Bright to recover in time for the game as she has been one of Chelsea's most consistent performers this season. The Blues are protecting a 1-0 lead from the return game, when superb play from Erin Cuthbert allowed Guro Reiten to curl home the only goal of the match. The Chelsea defender is still in the hunt to end the season with three trophies and she will be desperate to be fit enough to help her side keep their Champions League hopes alive.


13 fun facts about Giovanni Reyna

Giovanni Reyna is a special talent who plays for Borussia Dortmund, and here are a few facts you need to know about him. 

Giovanni Reyna is considered one of the USMNT's most talented players alongside Captain America, Christian Pulisic. The 20-year-old is still making headways on the global scene while also making the USMNT squad regularly. Having already made his World Cup debut for his nation in 2022, the midfielder will be hoping to play a greater role in the future for his national team as well. takes you through 13 fun facts about the USMNT forward.


Manchester United injury list: When will Alejandro Garnacho, Christian Eriksen, Casemiro & Donny van de Beek return?

Find out the latest injury news and expected return dates for the Man Utd stars currently in the treatment room.

 has overseen the most exciting season at Old Trafford in over a decade, with   already lifting the   and aiming to add the FA Cup and Europa League to their trophy cabinet.  They are also homing in on a top-four finish but still face a nervy battle with Liverpool and Newcastle to ensure they return to the Champions League. However, the squad has suffered a few injury setbacks along the way, as well as a significant suspension. To keep you up to speed,   takes a look at who Ten Hag is missing and when he can expect to get them back...


Meet Roc Nation Sports International’s Class of 2023 as five of England’s brightest Under-16 youth talents sign for the world-renowned sports agency

FootballCo has teamed up with Roc Nation Sports International to reveal their Class of 2023 and bring fans closer to the next generation

Five of English football’s most promising young players have signed for Roc Nation Sports International as they eye careers at the very top of the professional game.  The agency has revealed their Class of 2023, consisting of Under-16 players from the likes of Manchester City, Tottenham and the England national team. As well as looking after established superstars such as Kevin De Bruyne and Romelu Lukaku, Roc Nation Sports International are also focused on helping the next generation of young talent reach their potential.  This year, Luca Fletcher (Reading), Thierry Rohart-Brown (Reading), Conor Lewis (Bolton Wanderers), Seth Chinaware (Manchester City) and Theo Adelusi (Tottenham) have become the latest group to join the Roc Nation family. And as the official media partner of Roc Nation Sports International’s Class of 2023, here at FootballCo we’ll be bringing you unrivalled access to the players as they take their next steps.  Over the coming weeks, our NXGN social channels will be packed with  , giving fans an in-depth look at these teen talents away from the pitch.  Last year Roc Nation Sports International welcomed Lewis Orford, Michael Golding, Zach Marsh, Ezra Carrington and Kaiden Wilson into their Class of 2022. All of the players have since agreed their first professional contracts.  Alan Redmond, EVP & Global Head of Football at Roc Nation Sports International, said: “It’s a privilege to welcome the boys to Roc Nation and I’m excited to watch this talented group blossom.”  Nathan Campbell, Global Director of Recruitment at Roc Nation, added: “We work hard to identify the best young players each season. “I’m delighted to add these players to our roster and I look forward to supporting them on and off the pitch.”


'I should have shown more' - Son Heung-min sends honest message to Antonio Conte following Tottenham sacking

Tottenham forward Son Heung-min admitted he "felt responsible" for Antonio Conte's sacking as he felt he "should have done more" this season.

Spurs announced the inevitable on Sunday when they revealed the Italian had   with ten Premier League games still to play. While Son finished as last season's joint-top scorer in the league with 23 goals, he has struck just six times this campaign, performances which he felt guilty for in light of Conte's sacking. I should have shown more but I couldn't. I couldn't help the team and I feel responsible as he left the club. He surely has great ability and experience as a coach and I'm sure he'll have great success in his other career." Son's message to Conte comes despite the Italian publicly outing his players, something which drew a   not long after the tirade. But despite reports of the squad feeling relieved at their manager's exit, the apology of the South Korean international would paint a different picture, which echoes the  Having scored two in Korea's 2-2 draw with Colombia before Tuesday's loss to Uruguay, the Spurs forward will hope to take that form into club level and revitalise his season under new  , whose first challenge comes away at Everton on April 3.


Ex-Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich secretly pumped £103 MILLION into Dutch club Vitesse while at Stamford Bridge

Dutch club Vitesse received €117 million (£103m/$127m) in loans from then-Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich, a recent report has found.

That's according to exclusive information from  , which write that Abramovich played a key part in funding the Vitesse takeover of 2010, which was headed by former Georgia international Merab Jordania. The findings, which stem from a cache of leaked data known as the Oligarch files, appear to show that the secret backing flowed through several entities   notes that Vitesse had already been on the radar of the Netherlands football association over their alleged relationship with Abramovich. Jordania was a reported friend of the oligarch, and was succeeded by his associate and Russian businessman Alexander Chigirinsky. Vitesse also became a "partner club" to Chelsea and took in many of their loanees from 2010 onwards, with Nemanja Matic and Mason Mount - as recently as 2017-18 - two standout examples. However, the offshore havens utilised by Abramovich were,   writes, so opaque as to evade Dutch authorities on two occasions. Now, it has come to light  "On Wednesday afternoon, the British newspaper The Guardian came out with a publication claiming that Vitesse was indirectly funded by companies owned by Mr. Abramovich, the then owner of Chelsea, in the period between 2010 and 2016," the club responded in a statement. "Vitesse stresses that the information on which the article is based was never known to the club. The club has always cooperated fully with the investigations launched by the KNVB, which also did not reveal any illegalities. "Vitesse received share premium payments from the holding company above the club during the said period, which is also evident from all published annual reports. This holding company was, as The Guardian writes, financed by Marindale Trading Limited. Mr. Chigirinskiy is the (sole) beneficial owner of Marindale Trading Limited, which is evident from the official documents that have been part of the investigations. Vitesse had no knowledge of how this company was financed. Nor did Vitesse itself have any loan agreements." The KNVB and other experts have investigated the situation at Vitesse broadly and thoroughly on several occasions; first the structure surrounding the takeover (2010), then the accuracy and completeness of the legal structures and financing structure presented by Vitesse (2015)," continued Vitesse. "At all times, Vitesse gave the investigators full access to all relevant documents in its possession. Both investigations did not reveal any facts in violation of KNVB and UEFA rules (see this article). "It was concluded at the time that Vitesse had always correctly and fully informed parties about the club's ownership and legal structure, that Vitesse's legal structure was in line with KNVB regulations and that no third party had control of the club. This is also confirmed in The Guardian by a representative of Chelsea." The ramifications are unknown as yet, although 


'An inspiration - good on you dude!' - USMNT defender Miles Robinson gets special Taylor Twellman message after he returns from 11-month absence

USMNT defender Miles Robinson made his first international appearances since tearing his Achilles last year - and Taylor Twellman is inspired.

Ex-USMNT player Twellman expressed joy at Robinson's appearance against El Salvador on Monday night after 11 months away. It has been a long road back to full health since he sustained his injury last May, and missing the World Cup  . But at his best, the 26-year-old Atlanta United star is a key piece of the USMNT roster. He won the Nations League and Gold Cup finals, both against Mexico, in the summer of 2021, and  . Now, he will try to nail down his starting place amid competition from Walker Zimmermann and Tim Ream. "Such an inspiration to many @milesrobinson and I’d argue you look stronger & fitter than when you got hurt. Good on you dude. Keep it going. #USMNT,"   after Robinson played all 90 minutes in Monday's  . Such an inspiration to many   and I’d argue you look stronger & fitter than when you got hurt. Good on you dude. Keep it going.    Despite the USMNT largely avoiding MLS call-ups this international window, Robinson was made a notable exception. While the center back was away from Atlanta, his club conceded six goals in a stunning 6-1 defeat to Columbus that  . Such a meltdown is unlikely to happen again under Robinson's watch.


Argentina vs Curacao: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch Argentina vs Curacao international friendly in the UK, US, and India, as well as kick-off time and team news.

 are set to welcome   for an   to be played at the Unique Mother of Cities Stadium on Tuesday. Preparing at the  ,   defeated Panama 2-0 in another friendly in their first game after winning the 2022 World Cup as  . The visitors arrive in Santiago del Estero having lost 2-0 to Canada to finish third in the 2022-23 Concacaf Nations League.  brings you details on how to watch the game on TV in the U.S., UK and India as well as how to stream live online.


Germany vs Belgium: Lineups & LIVE updates

Germany and Belgium both look to end the international break on a high note in what is expected to be a high-intensity encounter

Germany and Belgium are both looking at a new era after disappointment at the 2022 Qatar World Cup. The next generations are looking to establish themselves and help their countries achieve glory. Both began their post-World Cup journeys with convincing victories. Hansi Flick remains at the helm for Germany despite not progressing as far as the team would've liked in their last two major tournaments. He looks to herald in the new generation of superstars and field a younger team to move forward and win the 2024 Euros. A win against Peru gave them the perfect boost to start this journey. Belgium similar to Germany are looking to move on from their "Golden Generation" and create a dynamic and cohesive unit mixed with exciting prospects and experienced veterans under the guidance of new manager  As host Germany don't have any Euro 2024 qualifier in their future and currently don't have an international friendly lined up. Belgium will next take on Austria at home on 17 June in a qualifying match for the European Championship.


Argentina vs Curacao: Where to watch the match online, live stream, TV channels & kick-off time

How to watch and stream Argentina vs Curacao international friendly on TV and online in the United States, United Kingdom & India.

 are set to welcome   for an   to be played at the Unique Mother of Cities Stadium on Tuesday. Preparing at the  ,   defeated Panama 2-0 in another friendly in their first game after winning the 2022 World Cup as  . The visitors arrive in Santiago del Estero having lost 2-0 to Canada to finish third in the 2022-23 Concacaf Nations League.  brings you details on how to watch the game on TV in the U.S., UK and India as well as how to stream live online. Argentina vs Curacao March 28, 2023 7:30pm EDT, 12:30am BST (Mar 29), 5am IST (Mar 29) Unique Mother of Cities Stadium, Santiago del Estero In the  , the match is available to stream live on  .  will showcase the game in the  , with streaming available via  . There is no TV telecast or stream of the game in  . Country TV channel Live stream U.S. N/A Fanatiz UK India N/A N/A It would be no surprise to see Lionel Scaloni name a changed XI from the Panama win, although   will surely start as the PSG star seeks his 100th international goal. 21-year-old   is likely to be handed a start having scored off the bench the last time around, while  ,  ,   and   will be expecting to return to the starting XI. Meanwhile,  ,  ,   and   are all aiming for their first senior appearances with Argentina.  Rulli; Montiel, Pezzella, Li. Martinez, Acuna; Almada, Paredes, Palacios; Messi, La. Martinez, Dybala Position Players Goalkeepers Armani, Rulli, E. Martinez Defenders Foyth, Montiel, Otamendi, Li. Martinez, Tgaliafico, Acuna, Blanco, Molina, Perez, Pezzella, Romero Midfielders Paredes, Rodriguez, Fernandez, Buonanotte, Almada, Lo Celso, Mac Allister, Carboni, Perrone, Palacios, De Paul Forwards Di Maria, Correa, Buendia, Alvarez, Garnacho, Gonzalez, Messi, Dybala, La. Martinez, Gomez 's red card against Canada will be inconsequential for the friendly, but   is a doubt after being taken off injured in the Concacaf Nations League showdown.  is likely to come in place of Kuwas on the right side of the attack, with brothers   and   in midfield, and ex-Everton right-back   as captain.  Room; Martina, Gaari, Van Eijma, Floranus; L. Bacuna, Anita, J. Bacuna; Antonisse, Janga, Gorre Position Players Goalkeepers Room, Bodak, Doornbusch Defenders Martina, Carmelia, Lachman, Gaari, Van Eijma, Ogenia, Floranus, Troupee Midfielders L. Bacuna, Hooi, J. Bacuna, Kuwas, Anita, Felida, Markelo, Roemeratoe, Severina Forwards Janga, Gorre, Antonisse, Zivkovic


'A reality I’ve hid' - USMNT & MLS midfielder Sebastian Lletget says he was extorted after cheating on fiancee Becky G

USMNT and MLS midfielder Sebastian Lletget claimed this week that he was the victim of an extortion attempt after he cheated on fiancee Becky G.

Lletget, who has made 33 USMNT appearances, spoke publicly about the situation for the first time via Instagram. He admitted to cheating on the famous singer and said he was forced to go public after "a 10 minute lapse in judgment resulted in an extortion plot."  It's unclear whether the infidelity occurred before or after their December engagement, or the exact threats that were made against him. He began dating Becky G, a world-famous musical artist, in 2016. "Over the last several weeks, during a moment I regret deeply, a 10 minute lapse in judgment resulted in an extortion plot,"  . "Since this person did not get what they wanted it has now become a public social media spectacle filled with more lies than any truth and false posts aimed at the love of my life, the one person who I should never take for granted or put at risk. "While this anonymous internet stalker – who I never met, unlike they claimed - had an ultimate goal that was not clear, for me it has been a wake-up call. The loudest alarm of my life. I can't keep running from demons. I know that any actions made that put us here should have never happened to begin with. Pushing right up to the very boundaries of lines that should never be crossed only hurts me and the people I love most." Lletget also apologized to Becky G for his actions, adding: "To Becky, you have been the light in my life, my strength, who has always shown me unconditional love," he added. "Instead of honoring that love every day, I have done the opposite, hurting you, and disrespecting the one person I love more than anything. I am so sorry and know I have to do whatever it takes to earn back the trust and love you deserve." The 30-year-old moved to FC Dallas from the New England Revolution last year after first making his name with the LA Galaxy. He featured early in USMNT qualifying for the 2022 World Cup but fell out of Gregg Berhalter's plans as the tournament approached. No criminal investigation into the alleged extortion attempt has been announced. "This past week of chaos & pain has forced me to face the consequences of my actions, my fears & my lapses from the past," Lletget wrote. "I have half-heartedly been participating in therapy, knowing I have deeply rooted anger and mental health issues that require the same commitment and treatment that I devote to my physical well-being. If I am to be the man I aspire to be, I have to do better. I have decided to commit myself to a mental wellness program to work on the parts of me that deeply need healing."


Tottenham dealt blow in Julian Nagelsmann pursuit as German wants break before next job amid Real Madrid & PSG uncertainty

Tottenham's hopes of landing Julian Nagelsmann have been dashed as the ex-Bayern Munich boss reportedly wants to wait before deciding his next move.

The young German tactician was   on Friday despite his side reaching the Champions League quarter-finals and sitting second in the league by just a point. As former Paris Saint-Germain and Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel immediately came in in his place,  , which became vacant after the club parted ways with   on Sunday. However, the   are now reporting that Spurs have hit their first stumbling block. While chairman Daniel Levy is keen for a quick replacement to avoid a repeat of the 72-day fiasco which ended in Nuno Espirito Santo being briefly appointed for the 2021-22 season, Nagelsmann is thought to want time to consider his options.  , but it is the situations at Real Madrid and PSG which seem the more likely fit. The links between   won't go away, and there is a real possibility Madrid could line up Nagelsmann as the Italian's replacement should he depart at the end of the season.   is also in doubt after his side's early exit in this season's Champions League, ironically to Nagelsmann's Bayern. These two potential vacancies may be more appealing to the German, which would leave Levy and Tottenham in  limbo. Naturally,  . Former manager Mauricio Pochettino is out of work and is thought to be open about a return to north London, while Brighton's 


Where to watch Bundesliga on US TV: Borussia Dortmund & Bayern Munich live stream & network channels

Everything you need to know about where to watch and stream Bundesliga live in USA on TV & online.

The   is the top division in Germany which is the home to some of the biggest teams in Europe, like Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund. Bayern Munich is the most successful team in the history of the Bundesliga, winning it a record 31 times. They are followed by Borussia Dortmund and Borussia Monchengladbach who have won the title five times each. It is one of the best leagues in Europe and has a fan following across the world including the United States of America. Here is everything you need to know about where and how you can watch the Bundesliga from the comfort of your couch in the US. Fans can stream all Bundesliga games live on ESPN+ in the United States of America. Highlights of all Bundesliga games can be watched on the official Bundesliga YouTube channel. The Bundesliga is available on  for a subscription of  .


MLS' answer to Barcelona: Lionel Messi's reunion with Sergio Busquets & Gerardo 'Tata' Martino could transform Inter Miami

The three men were last all together at Camp Nou in 2014, but will be linking up again to try and inspire a turnaround at the DRV PNK Stadium

It's all change at Inter Miami right now. The MLS outfit are in the  , as they find themselves rooted to the bottom of the Eastern Conference after 18 matches. But that hasn't prevented them from attracting the greatest footballer in history to Florida.   at the DRV PNK Stadium, with his free transfer set to be completed after his contract at Paris Saint-Germain expires on June 30. The likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Kaka, Steven Gerrard, Wayne Rooney and Andrea Pirlo  , with Inter Miami co-owner David Beckham initially paving the way for an influx of megastars to the U.S. when joining the LA Galaxy back in 2007. Messi's move to Inter Miami will stand above them all, though, and MLS is already enjoying  , despite the fact their new poster boy is yet to touch down in America. But he won't be able to transform the fortunes of a dismal Inter Miami team on his own. That is why the club has also gone to great lengths to bring in two of Messi's former Barcelona colleagues. Sergio Busquets brought the curtain down on his glittering 18-year career at Camp Nou in May,  . And it has now been confirmed that  , who worked with the pair at Barcelona in the 2013-14 season. The Argentine has a huge job on his hands, but having Messi and Busquets on hand to lead the dressing room gives him more than a fighting chance of success.


adidas unveil Man Utd 2023-24 home kit inspired by the iconic red rose

An instant classic?

adidas unveiled the all-new   2023-24 home kit, and it's the  we've seen in a while from the club. The new season's home kit embodies the spirit of Manchester, featuring a geometric design inspired by the iconic red rose. Inspired by the bridge between Manchester and Salford that was built during the industrial revolution, the iconic red rose takes its shape as an all-over geometric pattern across the entire jersey. The bridge over the river Irwell is an enduring symbol of the deep connection Mancunians have with the city’s industrial legacy. It is widely considered a mark of Manchester’s strength and how, like the industrial revolution, the city influenced the wider world. The bold striking new pattern sits on a primarily red block design with the club crest and adidas logo featured on the chest in white. Completing the design is a striped flat knit crew neck collar, which sports the red, white, and black club colours. The new Manchester United 2023-24 home kit will be worn for the first time when Manchester United play Leeds United FC in Norway on  . The Manchester United 2023-24 home kit is available to buy right now from   and  , with a men's replica jersey retailing at £80.00. Here's a closer look at the all-new kit:


Mikel Arteta praises 'versatile' Kai Havertz as Arsenal close in on £65 million transfer for Chelsea forward

Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has hailed "versatile" Kai Havertz as the Gunners close in on a £65m (€75.5m/$82.6m) deal for the Chelsea star.

 Arteta has made it clear that he believes Havertz is the kind of player who can improve the Gunners, as the club   to secure his signature for £65m. The two clubs are close to getting the transfer over the line, as Arsenal look to strengthen their squad after last season's title challenge. The Arsenal boss has also , although it remains to be seen if the Gunners can beat Manchester City to his signature. Arteta told   in an interview: "Kai has already shown a lot, including winning a Champions League. He is a talented, versatile player and only 24 years old. Talent has a price and, at Arsenal, we are always interested in young players with experience." Arteta is keen to strengthen his squad, as he claims that the club's 2022-23 title challenge was derailed by injury issues as Manchester City pipped the Gunners to the finishing post. He added: " Arsenal will hope to get the Havertz deal over the line as they prepare for the 2023/24 season. The German will hope to be on board before the   against Nurnberg on July 13.


Should Morocco host the World Cup? Have your say!

Have your say by joining the discussion!

When   reached the semi-finals of the 2022 World Cup,  , head coach Walid Reragui quipped, "football in Morocco exists!" The north African country broke the mould by reaching the last four of FIFA's flagship competition in Qatar, but by the time the next tournament rolls round in 2026, there will be a tinge of regret. That is because Morocco missed out on hosting the tournament, with FIFA favouring the joint bid of the United States, Mexico and Canada. The home of the Atlas Lions has now had five - five! - bids to host the World Cup rejected, but does their run to the semi-final in 2022 help their case? The   will no doubt be encouraged by the positivity generated by their unprecedented success in Qatar, but what do you think?   Let us know your thoughts and join the discussion below. 👇


FIFA unveil eight different 'Unite' armbands for Women's World Cup but will not allow players to wear OneLove band

Players at the Women's World Cup will not be allowed to wear the OneLove armband during matches, but can sport ones supporting other causes.

 Football's governing body has passed down a rule ahead of the tournament implementing that players can only wear approved armbands during games in the competition.  One of the armbands not allowed to be seen during the tournament is the OneLove armband, which supports same-sex relationships. Instead, FIFA will give captains eight alternative armbands to wear, depending on the stage of the competition.  FIFA president said: “Football unites the world and our global events, such as the FIFA Women’s World Cup, have a unique power to bring people together and provide joy, excitement and passion. “But football does even more than that – it can shine the spotlight on very important causes in our society. After some very open talks with stakeholders, including member associations and players, we have decided to highlight a series of social causes – from inclusion to gender equality, from peace to ending hunger, from education to tackling domestic violence – during all 64 matches at the FIFA Women’s World Cup.” The same issue of armbands was raised ahead of the men's World Cup in Qatar in 2022, and it's likely that the players in the women's game will have little choice other than adhere to FIFA's rules for fear of getting sanctioned before a ball is even kicked.


Explained: How Football Manager is set to change forever in 2024 as developer reveals when women's football will be added to game

Football Manager is set to be transformed forever, it has been revealed, with sweeping changes coming very soon.

 Miles Jacobson, the head of Sports Interactive,   that improvements will be made in the 2024 edition, and huge changes are coming to the game from Football Manager 2025 onwards. He has accepted that the most recent iteration, FM23, "had not lived up to the standards and expectations we have set over the years". As a result, he has confirmed that huge changes are on the way. There is going to be a completely new and rebuilt graphical engine, that will drastically change the way players interact with the match engine, but that is not the headline feature. What will be is the introduction of women's football, which will come from FM25 onwards. Jacobson has previously confirmed that players will be able to manage both men's and women's teams throughout their career. Further to this, FM23 saves will carry over into FM24, and beyond, meaning you could conceivably play the same career across multiple iterations of the game. FM24 will be a "love letter" to the series before the true sequel in 2025. FM23 has been Sports Interactive's biggest-selling release ever, hitting a high-point of five million players across all of the edition's systems, from Steam to Xbox Game Pass. FM24 will be released later this year, and FM25 will follow the year after.


'The reason I am where I am' - Chelsea's Ben Chilwell pays beautiful tribute to his father following his death

On Tuesday evening, Chelsea's Ben Chilwell poured out his heart towards his late father on Instagram in a heart-felt tribute.

The Chelsea star expressed his grief on Instagram after learning that his father had died due to a severe illness. Chilwell paid tribute to his father, Wayne, on social media following his death, recalling their shared moments, including the full-back's England debut. "The reason I am where I am," he wrote on Instagram alongside a photo of his late father driving in the car next to him. "The most loving dad, who always put everyone before himself and made everyone smile and laugh. I am so glad we got to live my dream together, and especially you seeing me make my debut for England. But more importantly, we shared so many amazing memories away from football which I will remember forever. I will miss you every single day Dad. I love you so much." Chilwell's Chelsea and England teammates were quick to express their condolences online following the awful news. Mason Mount commented, "Sending all the love brother," while Jude Bellingham, another England star, said, "Sorry for your loss brother." Kai Havertz of the Blues simply posted three heart emojis, while Christian Pulisic said, "Much love brother." Chelsea players Reece James and Cesar Azpilicueta also left messages on the photo, as did Chilwell's England teammates Harry Maguire and James Maddison. Meanwhile, Chelsea's official club page remarked, "Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family," while the England squad page said, "We are so sorry for your loss, Ben. Thinking of you and your family."


Lindsey Horan breaks Alex Morgan's record as most expensive USWNT player of all time with Lyon transfer

Lindsey Horan has become the most expensive player in US Women's national team history after her move to Lyon.

 Horan has joined Lyon from Portland on a permanent deal until the summer of 2026. The 29-year-old had been on an 18-month loan deal from the American side but now she has joined the French outfit for an initial   According to journalist , Horan's transfer makes her the most expensive in the history of the US Women's National Team, just ahead of Alex Morgan , who signed for San Diego Wave in a deal worth €240,000 in December 2021. However, Horan's move is the fourth-most expensive deal in women's football, behind Keira Walsh, who joined Barcelona from Manchester City for £350,000 in September 2022, Pernille Harder, who swapped Wolfsburg for Chelsea for a fee in excess of £250,000, and Beth England, who signed for Tottenham from Chelsea in January for £250,000.  The United States captain, who has scored 27 goals in 128 caps for her country, has scored eight goals in 37 games for Lyon since making her debut in January 2022. In her time with Les Gones, she has won two French Championships, a  Horan will take part in the 2023 World Cup in Australia and New Zealand in July and August.


Barcelona’s eye-watering debt the same as when Lionel Messi left as La Liga champions remain €1.35 billion in the red

Barcelona’s debt remains the same as when Lionel Messi left in 2021, with the Spanish champions still €1.35 billion (£1.15bn/$1.46bn) in the red.

 Joan Laporta returned to office as president of the Blaugrana in March 2021 and was charged with the task of restoring financial order at Camp Nou. Little progress has been made since then, with vice-president of economics, Eduard Romeu, discussing matters in a press conference attended by the likes of  . They have revealed that  , with that figure not taking into account the €1.5bn cost of the Espai Barca project that will be delivering major redevelopment of the club’s famous stadium.  Romeu claims that debts have been restructured over a 10-year period, with several economic levers being put in place. The Blaugrana also intend to carry on spending, as they are linked with a number of potential additions in the summer transfer window. Barca’s salary limit has been reduced from €708m (£605m/$768m) to €528m (£451m/$573m), with €51m (£44m/$55m) relating to players that they intend to move on this summer – including Clement Lenglet, Samuel Umtiti, Alex Collado, Gustavo Maia and Sergino Dest. They also owe €389m (£332m/$422m) in deferred salaries and rising contracts, although   and Ronald Araujo can be registered.  Romeu has refuted claims from Laporta’s former presidential rival Victor Font that the club are worse off than they were when bidding farewell to Messi – as they were   – but there remains much work to be done. Barca TV is being disbanded but the club’s women’s team – who are the only entity not to be generating losses – will not face cuts, with Romeu saying: “You have to be sustainable, we will maintain competitiveness. It will not have cuts, but we cannot go crazy either.”


From Kai Havertz to Cesc Fabregas - Meet the players who played for both Arsenal and Chelsea

Goal takes a look at the players who have played for both the London rivals in their history.

The iconic North West London Derby between Arsenal and Chelsea is one of the oldest rivalries in English football dating back to 1907 when the two teams met each other for the first time. Over the years, the rivalry has grown manifold and since Chelsea's rise in stature in the early 2000s, it has become one of the biggest ties in the Premier League. Several star players like Ashley Cole, Cesc Fabregas, Petr Cech and Olivier Giroud have played for both Chelsea and Arsenal, with Kai Havertz the latest to make the move ahead of the 2023-24 campaign. Here, we take a look at the players who featured for both the London clubs in their respective glorious histories.


Sydney, Melbourne & the amazing Australia cities hosting Women's World Cup football: A 2023 fan tourist's guide

GOAl looks at the must-see cities hosting the Women's World Cup in Australia

Australia will transform into a soccer hub in June and July, with five cities hosting games at the  . From Perth in the west and Adelaide in the south, over to Sydney and Brisbane in the east, hosting duties will be spread across the continent, with  . Here,   takes a closer look at the five   in Australia playing host to Women's World Cup games in 2023.


'I try to score against whoever's in front of us' - USMNT star Jesus Ferreira reacts to new 'Pirate of the Caribbean' nickname

Jesus Ferreira isn't worried about the new tongue-in-cheek 'Pirate of the Caribbean' nickname as he says his only focus is to score goals.

 The U.S. men's national team star scored three of the six goals in Wednesday's Gold Cup win over St. Kitts and Nevis, making him the fastest player to 10 goals in program history after doing so in just 20 games. Seven of his goals, though, have come in two matches against St. Kitts and Nevis and Grenada, while two came against Trinidad and Tobago in a 7-0 win. Just one of Ferreira's goals, which came in a 1-1 draw with Mexico earlier this year, has come in anything less than a five-goal win. Because of that, social media has labeled Ferreira the 'Pirate of the Caribbean', a tongue-in-cheek nickname referencing his frequent outbursts against CONCACAF minnows. Ferreira, though, says his job is to score against whoever he plays against, whether that's a Caribbean underdog or a World Cup contender. I try to stay off social media as much as I can," he said. "For me, as a forward, it's always my job to score goals, to come in and try to score goals against whoever's in front of us. Yeah, I've scored a lot of goals against Caribbean teams, but, like I said, my job is to score goals and I'm gonna do that no matter who's in front of us." Running up the score could be vital in Sunday's match against Trinidad & Tobago, with the U.S. and Jamaica both competing to finish top of the group. Both teams enter Sunday's group stage finales on four points, with the U.S. holding a plus three goal difference over the Reggae Boyz. USMNT interim coach B.J. Callaghan says that the U.S. will be keeping an eye on Jamaica's clash with St Kitts and Nevis, but he believes his side must focus scoring the goals they need. "We do understand that there'll be an eye on the goal differential," Callaghan said, "but we're confident that, if we play our style of play and we remain aggressive pressing and dominating with the ball, we have confidence that we'll be able to score the goals and get the result that we need." The U.S. face Trinidad and Tobago on Sunday in their group stage finale. Should they finish atop the group, they would almost certainly avoid Mexico's side of the knockout bracket.


Liverpool have signed the perfect Jurgen Klopp player in Dominik Szoboszlai: GOAL grades 2023's biggest summer transfers

All summer long, GOAL's Mark Doyle will be handing out grades for the biggest transfers from around the world

For some football fans, the off-season is the part of the calendar that they look forward to the most, as that can only mean one thing: It's time for transfers! Over the next weeks and months, the biggest names will be linked with the biggest clubs, with speculation set to go into overdrive. We all know that some transfers turn out well for all parties involved, but there are plenty where at least one of the clubs, or even the player, are left wondering what might have been had they made a different decision while at the negotiating table.  is here, then, to ensure you know who did the best out of every massive deal before the ink is even dry on the contracts. Throughout the summer window, we will be grading every done deal as it happens, letting you track the big winners - and losers - of transfer season. Check out our latest grades below, and let us know what you think in the comments section...


USWNT star Alex Morgan reveals plan she has with Megan Rapinoe to inspire team to 2023 Women's World Cup glory

U.S. women's national team star Alex Morgan says she has already spoken to Megan Rapinoe about how to "rally" the team to win the Women's World Cup.

 Morgan and Rapinoe are two of the most experienced players on the USWNT's 2023 Women's World Cup roster,  . Their leadership roles are even more important now that   and Morgan says she and Rapinoe have already spoken about how they can use their know-how to help the team have a successful summer. "I'm just hoping to make the biggest impact for this team on and off the field," Morgan told reporters. "I want to be on the field as much as possible but I also want to be able to show the younger players, who have not been in a major tournament, what to expect, where the pressure is going to come from, why we need to stick together and really have this mentality of making it to August 20. "Lifting that trophy at the end means that it's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, physically it's going to be more demanding than you've ever experienced in your life. Having been through that a couple of times, I want to be able to share that. "I've already talked to some of the other experienced players, Pinoe being one of them, about how we rally this group of players, from ages 18 through to Pinoe! Just how we can all come together and be incredibly fluid as we go through this World Cup. That's my hope." Both Morgan and Rapinoe were part of the USWNT as it won the 2015 and 2019 World Cup trophies and will be gunning for a third successive title this summer. Four years ago, they were among the individual awards, too, with Rapinoe winning the Golden Ball and Golden Boot as Morgan scooped up the Silver Ball, only falling behind her team-mate because of minutes played. The USWNT will link up for its pre-World Cup camp on June 26.  .


Man Utd tell Harry Kane to hand in transfer request to force Tottenham exit as frustrated Red Devils issue ultimatum

Frustrated Manchester United reportedly issued an ultimatum to Harry Kane, telling the striker to hand in a transfer request to force a move.

According to  the Red Devils have urged the Tottenham striker to either hand in a transfer request or release a strongly-worded statement expressing his desire to sign for them. While United's cross-town rivals, Manchester City, faced a similar situation two years ago, it is believed that Kane did not go far enough to engineer a move at that time. With very limited room for negotiation and  , United's hierarchy is prepared to walk away from the potential blockbuster transfer unless Kane takes decisive action to facilitate his own departure. , with United reportedly willing to offer £80m. The negotiations between the two clubs have reached an impasse, as Tottenham remain firm in their stance. Kane, who turns 30 next month, has just one year left on his contract and is determined to secure a move to Old Trafford. Manchester United urgently need a new striker, with Erik ten Hag's side targeting Kane as a priority signing. Nevertheless, United are unwilling to let the situation drag on any longer and have already started considering alternative options, including a potential  . Another player of interest for United is Victor Osimhen from Napoli, who is valued at £150m. However, negotiations with Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis could prove to be even more challenging as the Nigerian has a contract until 2025 with the Serie A champions and thus the Italian club have the upper hand. The next steps in the Kane transfer saga will heavily   taken by the player himself. Manchester United's ultimatum for Kane to hand in a transfer request or issue a statement expressing his desire to join puts the ball in his court. It remains to be seen if Kane actions the apparent ultimatum to force his exit from the north London club.


Revealed: Xavi Simons' staggeringly low release clause that can only be activated by PSG - and only in July!

Paris Saint-Germain can reportedly trigger a buy-back option in Xavi Simons’ contract at PSV for just €6m (£5m/$7m) during the summer transfer window.

The   spent three years on PSG’s books between 2019 and 2022, having seen his potential prised away from La Liga giants Barcelona – where he was a product of the famed La Masia academy system. Simons   before being allowed to return to his native Netherlands at PSV. He has thrived in Eindhoven,   and hitting 22 goals in all competitions last season, and he may now be returned to the French capital. Simons is likely to have plenty of other options to mull over this summer, as interest in his services builds, with the  , Brighton, Tottenham, Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig all said to have requested updates when it comes to the attacking midfielder’s future.


Trinity Rodman on the wing and Julie Ertz in midfield: How the USWNT should line up at the 2023 Women's World Cup

After Vlatko Andonokski confirmed his roster on Wednesday, GOAL breaks down the best possible starting XI he could select in New Zealand

The roster has  , 23 players with one mission: return home with yet another World Cup. Those are always the expectations for the United States women's national team, no matter the scenario, but this tournament may just be the toughest yet for a team that is still somewhat in transition. It's been a grueling cycle for the U.S., one which saw Vlatko Andonovski explore plenty of new players throughout his player pool. The past few years have been about finding new solutions and new faces. Some of those processes worked out, while others certainly didn't. Because of that, this USWNT squad is a mix of old guard and new blood, with the likes of Megan Rapinoe, Julie Ertz and Alex Morgan being joined by young stars Sophia Smith, Trinity Rodman and Alyssa Thompson. It is very much a stacked roster, to be fair,  Still, it isn't the roster it could have been. Injuries to stars such as Becky Sauerbrunn, Mallory Swanson and Catarina Macario leave the U.S. somewhat shorthanded and missing several players who could have been starters. Because of that, there are some weak spots in this team, notably center-back, where Andonovski has only selected two players that primarily play the position. The coach will have some decisions to make throughout this tournament, no doubt, as he looks to balance a somewhat unbalanced squad but, at their best, this USWNT XI basically picks itself. has you covered with a look at the USWNT's best XI that we should see deployed by Andonovski at the World Cup:


Cade Cowell's chance to shine and the forgotten forwards: Nine things to watch as the USMNT go for Gold Cup glory

Though the majority of the team's biggest stars have been given the tournament off, the Stars and Stripes will still be among the favourites

We're just days removed from  . Several USMNT stars will likely still be washing away the champagne smell and, yet, here we are, looking ahead to the next summer tournament. Just six days after finishing off the Nations League in Las Vegas, the U.S. will kickstart the Gold Cup in Chicago. There's no rest during a CONCACAF summer, that's for sure. Still, the USMNT set to compete in this second summer tournament will be very different than the one that won the first. Gone are the likes of Christian Pulisic, Folarin Balogun and Weston McKennie, as  In place of the established stars, interim coach B.J. Callaghan is taking charge of a squad filled with young upstarts and veterans looking for one last push. From two-time World Cup veteran DeAndre Yedlin to teenagers like Cade Cowell, there's an interesting mix. That mix, though, still could be good enough to win the Gold Cup, but it will be a challenge, much as it was in 2021 when the U.S. pulled off their first CONCACAF double. Doing so again will require several players to take leaps forward, although there are plenty capable of using this tournament as a springboard to bigger and better things. With that said, here's a look at what to watch out for with the USMNT at the Gold Cup:


Barcelona to copy Man City?! La Liga club made offer by Qatar businessmen to have their own team in Middle East

Barcelona have reportedly been offered the chance to copy Manchester City’s business model by forming a franchise outfit in the Middle East.

The Liga giants are forever in the market for methods of generating much-needed funds, with the financial struggles endured at Camp Nou over recent years being well documented. With that in mind, a delegation from Catalunya – led by club president Joan Laporta – is said to have met with Qatari businessmen. One of the topics discussed during talks with counterparts at Baldi Express was, according to  , the potential creation of a team in Qatar that would operate under the Barcelona name while helping to generate profit for the parent club in Spain. Any franchise agreement would see Barca take a leaf out of Manchester City’s book, with the Premier League giants – who savoured Treble glory in 2022-23 – boasting the likes of New York City FC, Girona, Melbourne City and Mumbai City as sister clubs that operate under the wider  .


Revealed: When Man Utd will table €50m bid for Andre Onana as Inter prepare to use sale funds for Romelu Lukaku raid on Chelsea

Manchester United will reportedly table a €50 million (£43m/$55m) bid for Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana this week.

The Cameroon international has   as they seek to bring in a   – with the Spanish shot-stopper about to hit free agency at the end of his contract.  claims that   when a formal offer is made in the coming days, with United ready to step up their interest in a player that will fill an important position in their plans. Inter are willing to sell as they need to free up funds in order to finance moves of their own in the current window. Onana has also  , having joined from Ajax last summer, but he did help them to the Champions League final in 2022-23 and will demand a sizeable fee from any sale as he is tied to a contract at San Siro through to 2027.


Concerned Gary Lineker calls out Aston Villa on social media over controversial sponsorship choice

Gary Lineker voiced his concern and called out Aston Villa on social media after the club agreed a shirt sponsorship deal with a gambling firm.

Villa announced BK8, a casino company, to be their "new principal and front of shirt partner" until the 2025-26 season. Earlier in April 2023,  . A perplexed Lineker took to Twitter and appeared to question Villa's move. He wrote: "Thought clubs were no longer going to have gambling sponsors on shirts?" Thought clubs were no longer going to have gambling sponsors on shirts? 🤔   as the decision to ban betting companies will come into effect from the 2026-27 season. Gambling within sport has always been a controversial subject, with charities having been set up to attempt to safeguard players - and fans - from the associated dangers. Indeed, Brentford striker  for 232 betting breaches, with many having offered their support amid concerns related to his mental health during the lengthy spell away from the game. Although Aston Villa are yet to unveil the kit for next season, the club has confirmed that it will contribute to a local charity in Birmingham for every jersey that is sold.


How to buy the official PUMA ball Wrexham will be using in League Two matches in the 2023-24 season

Kicking it off on August 5

Wrexham are closing in on the kick-off to  , and following  , the Red Dragons have got their first look at the new PUMA ball for next season. The 2023-24 EFL Match Ball continues the brand's association with the organization, and will get its first outing when the Red Dragons welcome MK Dons to face them on   at the SToK Racecourse. PUMA's new design, which will be used across all EFL competitions, already offers a striking contrast to the 2022-23 match ball, retaining the familiar black, blue and red accents while scaling back on the colour. It leaves a new pattern on a classic white base - designed to resemble the aerial view of a stadium - and comes shaped from eight panels rather than a dozen across its high-frequency moulded construction. The new PUMA ball is already up for sale through the brand's official website, with the official EFL ball retailing at £100.00. Here's a closer look:


Lionel Messi on warpath with PSG as he tells Kylian Mbappe to leave for Barcelona or Real Madrid in brutal parting shot before Inter Miami move

Lionel Messi reportedly took one final parting shot at Paris Saint-Germain before leaving France, as he advised Kylian Mbappe to find a new challenge.

The seven-time Ballon d’Or winner has bid his own farewells to Parc des Princes, with the Argentine icon revealing that he will be   with MLS side Inter Miami. Messi is moving to America as a free agent, with the decision taken  . There has been talk of Mbappe heading in a similar direction, with the France international revealing that he will   that would keep him on PSG’s books until 2025. The 24-year-old forward is now being   – having come close to joining them in each of the last two years. Mbappe is now   – while there are five Ligue 1 titles and three French Cups on his domestic roll of honour – but the 2018 World Cup winner has been unable to land an elusive Champions League crown and may need to leave his homeland in order to conquer European football.


Loved up Cristiano Ronaldo chills on a luxury yacht with bikini-clad girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez & his kids as he leaps into the sea after end to gruelling season

Cristiano Ronaldo has finally reached the end of his eventful 2022-23 campaign, with the Portuguese now relaxing with his family on a luxury yacht.

The five-time Ballon d’Or winner began the season on the books of Premier League giants Manchester United, but ended it in Saudi Arabia with Al-Nassr. Ronaldo  , as his contract was terminated, with a move to the Middle East made on the back of another World Cup adventure with Portugal. The 38-year-old is now  , with his children and girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez joining him for some peace and quiet on the open water. Ronaldo ended the season without major silverware, as the Saudi Pro League crown slipped through his grasp, but he has enjoyed another memorable sporting year. He is now  , while the evergreen frontman has   in a remarkable international career that also includes 123 goals. There have been more unfortunate headlines along the way – as he was benched at United and by Portugal in Qatar, while   – but the all-time great has grown accustomed to being centre of attention and will continue to turn a deaf ear towards any detractors.


'Partying hard takes its toll - I didn't do it' - Jack Grealish given warning as Danny Murphy takes exception to title party antics

Danny Murphy has sent a warning to Manchester City star Jack Grealish that "partying hard take its toll".

 Grealish has defended his high-profile celebrations following City's treble-winning season, and dismissed claims he is a " ". The winger, who admitted to being a bit "hungover" when he arrived for England duty earlier this month, said: " Now, former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy has sent the 27-year-old a word of warning. Murphy was asked by  if Grealish's approach to being a top-level footballer is "refreshing". He replied: "No, I don't think that is the word I would use. He is himself, he's his own person; he doesn't play by the rulebook and that is admirable. I think he has got to be a little bit careful. I love him. This season, he's obviously done the right things away from the pitch to perform how he has done on it. He has made an improvement. "People talk about getting to know the Pep [Guardiola] way, which is fair enough tactically - it takes a bit of time. But physically he is better than I have ever seen him. He plays the last 10 minutes like he does the first 10. His strength and his ability to maintain the ball under pressure is as good as anyone in Europe. You can't get the ball off the lad. "When I say it is a little bit concerning with what you see off the pitch near the end of the season. it was only for his longevity. Because if you are partying hard in the summers it does take its toll. I didn't do it. "I am talking at the level he is at this season. With his ability, he could play in the Premier League and do what he wants, for as long as he wants. I am talking about staying at the top of tree, which is playing for the best team in Europe." Grealish helped City win the FA Cup, Premier League and Champions League this season, and the England international has been the centre of attention as he drank and partied with his team-mates. While Murphy may be concerned, the former Aston Villa star has made it clear he will be raring to go ahead of the new season.  Grealish will have several weeks off after a gruelling 11 months of football, before returning to City's pre-season training in July.


Wrexham release statement after alarming leak images following storm as Ryan Reynolds & Rob McElhenney to avoid huge repair bill

Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney will be relieved to hear that their finances will not be taking a battering following storm damage at Wrexham’s home.

 SToK Racecourse was battered by wild wind and rain on June 18, leading to   that forced those attending a Father’s Day meal to head for alternative forms of cover. There were fears that more reconstruction work would be required in North Wales during what is already shaping up to be a busy summer, but a full investigation of the stadium’s roof has delivered a positive update. Wrexham have said in a statement on the club’s  : “We are pleased to confirm that, following investigation into the large leak in the Macron Stand on Sunday (June 18), there is no structural damage to the stand. In the wake of the torrential rain that impacted the whole region on the day, the underground drains became overwhelmed which led to our downpipes and gutters to overflow. This led to a significant amount of water leaked into the Stand causing a suspended ceiling to collapse and damage to the internal decorations. “Guests attending the third sitting of our Father’s Day meal in the 1864 Suite were safely escorted out of the building, as a precaution, in case the situation worsened and will be refunded in full. All the repairs will be carried out and completed long before fans are welcomed back into the Racecourse Ground for the new season.” Wrexham are already working on building a new Kop Stand at their famous old home, as they prepare to   for the first time in 15 years. Wrexham Lager and rainwater on tap at the 1864 suite father's day dinner 🤣 Hope everyone was ok and the damage is not too bad. We had a storming evening ⛈️😜   continue to both   important funds at the Racecourse, with Wrexham discovering that – following a summer tour to the United States during which they will face the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea – their  .


Front Three: 'Joining Real Madrid will guarantee the Ballon d'Or for Kylian Mbappe'

The PSG forward is just one of a number of superstars who look set to be on the move this summer - but should he head for Santiago Bernabeu?

Transfer season is hotting up, with some of world football's biggest names potentially on the move over the next couple of months, and none are bigger than Kylian Mbappe. The France superstar's future has been thrown into chaos after his bombshell that he will not extend his contract at Paris Saint-Germain. That deal has just one year to run on it, meaning PSG may now look to cash in, with Real Madrid circling. But should he move this summer, or remain in Parc des Princes for another year so he can assess his options further? That's one of the dilemmas facing the  crew this week as they discuss Mbappe's future, as well as those of Harry Kane and Declan Rice. Check out the full episode over at the  , and have your say in the comments...


WATCH: Cristiano Ronaldo tells cameraman to stop zooming in on his face - or his wrinkles will be revealed

Cristiano Ronaldo may appear capable of playing on forever, with time seemingly being bent to his will, but the 38-year-old is feeling his age.

The evergreen Portuguese frontman has been showing no sign of slowing down after   and becoming the  . Retirement looks to   for the former Manchester United and Real Madrid icon, but the five-time Ballon d’Or winner has acknowledged that even he cannot stay young forever during a light-hearted exchange with a cameraman while on Euro 2024 qualification duty. “Not too close, eh! Too many wrinkles” 🤣   After helping to fire Portugal to a 1-0 victory over Iceland – a game in which he netted a dramatic 89th-minute winner – Ronaldo found himself on post-match media duty. While being readied for the questions to follow, the all-time great joked to those behind the camera as they zoomed in on his face: “Not too close! Too many wrinkles!” Ronaldo has now   – one that began in Manchester, included a World Cup in Qatar and a move to Saudi Arabia, before finishing in Reykjavik – but he will be back next season as he seeks to earn more silverware and records with club and country.


Revealed: Date Wrexham players will return for pre-season training ahead of mouth-watering fixtures against Chelsea & Man Utd during US tour

Wrexham manager Phil Parkinson has revealed when the National League champions will return to training ahead of their tour to the United States.

 The Welsh side will visit the United States as part of their preparations for the 2023-24 League Two season where they are set to lock horns with   Parkinson is excited about testing his players against two giants of England's top-flight league and revealed they  "We have got four games over in the U.S. and it is a very exciting tour to be a part of. We have to make preparations so as to make sure that we are ready for that tour, starting next week when the lads are back for pre-season. It feels like it is going to be a good preparation ahead of the start of next season," he told  Wrexham will   on July 19 at Kenan Stadium in North Carolina. Their next game is against LA Galaxy II on July 22 at the Dignity Health Sports Park in Carson, California. In their third match they face Premier League side Manchester United on July 25 at Snapdragon Stadium in San Diego, and will conclude their United States trip with a match against Philadelphia Union at Subaru Park on July 28. After their pre-season, the Red Dragons will play their League Two opener against 


Graeme Souness breaks down in tears as he revealed incredible £20k gesture from legendary ex-Man Utd manager Sir Alex Ferguson

Graeme Souness says Sir Alex Ferguson has a "heart of gold" after donating £20,000 towards his fundraiser for Debra UK.

 Liverpool legend Souness swam across the English Channel in 12 hours and 17 minutes on Sunday and so far he has raised £1.2 million for Debra UK, which supports individuals and families affected by epidermolysis bullosa (EB). Following his herculean effort, the 70-year-old revealed former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson donated £20,000 in aid of the cause.  Souness spoke of Ferguson's contribution and he began to cry, saying on  : "I hope I don’t embarrass him by saying this, but Alex Ferguson donated £20,000 after he quizzed me on it for half an hour. He’s got a heart of gold, that man. You have to search for it, but it’s there!" EB is a condition that causes blistering skin. Souness was inspired to take on the challenge after meeting 14-year-old Isla Grist, who is living with the condition. The former Sky Sports pundit completed the swim alongside five others, including Isla's dad Andy. Souness has vowed to complete more gruelling challenges and continue raising money for the charity. He added: "The North Pole, something around the Atlantic, something like that. I’m in this now, I’m in this for the long-haul."


Will Wrexham's Hollywood story continue? Supercomputer predicts where Ryan Reynolds & Rob McElhenney's team will finish in League Two

Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney's Wrexham have been tipped to finish top of League Two in 2023-24 by a supercomputer.

Hollywood-backed Wrexham ended their 15-year stay outside the Football League after winning the National League title in late April. Following the release of the League Two fixtures on Thursday, Reynolds and McElhenney's Welsh outfit are being tipped to earn a second straight promotion by a  Wrexham have desires to make it to the Premier League one day and that journey is well underway, according to the supercomputer. Moreover, Stockport County are being tipped to come second and Notts County, who earned promotion via the play-offs last season, are forecasted to end up third - the final automatic promotion spot. Wrexham take on Chelsea and Manchester United in the United States during their pre-season campaign in July and they begin their League Two season at home to MK Dons on August 5.


Andre Onana transfer boost for Man Utd as Inter are already planning to sign his replacement - with two goalkeepers on their list

Manchester United have received an Andre Onana transfer boost as Inter are already eyeing two goalkeepers as his replacement this summer.

With United  Inter had earlier tried to sign Empoli's Guglielmo Vicario, but since he is believed to have already agreed personal terms with Tottenham, the Nerazzurri have been forced to shift their focus to alternative targets.  which has put Manchester United in pole position to sign the goalkeeper Apart from his shot-stopping abilities the keeper is  which should help Erik ten Hag's troops to play out from the back. Indeed, this might convince United to break the bank for the 27-year-old. Onana used to be 


Wrexham 2023-24 fixtures: MK Dons curtain raiser, Paul Mullin's return to Morecambe & nine unmissable matches as the Red Dragons' prepare for League Two return

The Welsh outfit are back in the big time after a 15-year absence - but can they keep their Hollywood fairy tale going?

When Hollywood A-Listers Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney completed a £2 million takeover at the Racecourse Ground in February 2021, few could have predicted how far Wrexham would come in such a short period of time. The Welsh side made it all the way to the National League play-offs the following season, only to suffer   against Grimsby Town, but it only strengthened their resolve. The Red Dragons bounced back to   with a record-breaking points haul, as they narrowly pipped Notts County to the finishing line. It has been a remarkable journey for the club, who have certainly made the most of the generous investment from their world-famous owners to secure a return to English football's fourth tier. They're in great shape to keep progressing, too, with the second series of the   set for release later this year and work on a new stand at their home stadium -  due to a sponsorship deal - already underway. Reynolds and McElhenney have made no secret of their  , and the foundations are certainly in place for a bright future. Wrexham will be playing League Two football next season, for the first time since their relegation back in 2008, and they're already being billed as dark horses for the title, with head coach Phil Parkinson expected to dip into the club's   to bolster his squad in the summer window. After a highly anticipated  , Wrexham will focus all their efforts on securing back-to-back promotions, and their   has now been revealed.   is on hand to run down the Red Dragons' most unmissable matches, starting with a home fixture against fellow League Two new boys...


Ex-Liverpool & Barcelona striker Luis Suarez in 'constant pain' & is considering retirement amid gruelling daily injections & special treatment

Former Barcelona striker Luis Suarez is considering retirement due to his struggles with a persistent knee issue at Gremio.

The Uruguayan striker joined the Brazilian outfit as a free agent on a two-year deal at the beginning of this year. However, the striker has been playing through the pain barrier due to osteoarthritis in his right knee. Suarez has been undergoing specific treatment under the jurisdiction of the club's medical team. As a precautionary measure, he has been spared from playing matches on synthetic turf and was rested against Palmeiras in the Brazilian Championship. Gremio president Alberto Guerra confirmed the attacker's struggle, saying: "Luis Suarez is reaching his limit, to be able to play he is given almost daily injections and special treatments, he feels constant pain." According to sources initiated discussions with the board. Suarez has admitted that he is now considering retiring from the game earlier than planned. The 36-year-old has a contract with Gremio until 2024 and there will be further meetings between the club and the player regarding his future. Suarez  with 14 goals in 26 games but the knee injury threatens early retirement for the prolific striker, who previously enjoyed successful spells at Barcelona, Liverpool and Ajax.


Carabao Cup 2023-24: Draw, fixtures, results & guide to each round

Everything you need to know about the League Cup - draw, games and more

The   has returned for its 64th season as 92 teams from from the span of the English football pyramid out for a shot at silverware in 2023-24.  has all the details about the 2023-24 edition, including draw information, fixtures, dates, results and more. The first round of the Carabao Cup is divided into two sections: north and south. All 24 teams from Championship are joined by 24 teams from League One and 24 teams from League Two. Games will be played on the week commencing August 7.  hold the rights to broadcast Carabao Cup games and round draws in the UK. Matches are usually shown on Sky Sports Football and available to stream live online using the Sky Go facility. In what will be the first piece of major silverware of the 2023/24 season, the Carabao Cup final is scheduled for  It will be held at  , which is the traditional venue for showpiece cup final events and promotion play-offs in England. The 2023-24 Carabao Cup kicks off on the week commencing August 7, 2023 and will conclude on February 25, 2024. You can see the complete round dates and number of games in the table below. Round Games Date(s) First round 36 August 7 Second round 24 w/c August 28 Third round 16 w/c September 25 Fourth round 8 w/c October 30 Quarter-finals 4 w/c December 18 Semi-finals 4 (2 legs) w/c January 8 / 21, 2024 Final 1 February 25, 2024 Manchester United won the Carabao Cup in 2022-23. The Red Devils ended a six-year trophy drought by beating Newcastle United 2-0 in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley on 26 February, 2023. The Red Devils manager Erik ten Hag won the first piece of silverware of his Old Trafford reign thanks to a Casemiro header and a Sven Botman own goal.


AC Milan ready to make transfer move for Romelu Lukaku as Chelsea flop risks angering Inter fans by making controversial cross-city switch

AC Milan are reportedly considering a permanent move for Chelsea's Romelu Lukaku as the striker risks angering Inter by joining their derby rivals.

According to   Milan are contemplating a sensational transfer move for the Belgian who spent the  . While the Nerazzurri hopes to extend the loan deal for another year, a deal to acquire the striker outright is seen as more appealing to Chelsea. Sensing an opportunity to refresh their ageing attack, Milan want to strike when the iron is hot. Despite interest from Saudi Arabia's Al-Hilal, Lukaku has   for a move to the Kingdom. With midfielder Sandro Tonali closing in on a move to Newcastle, Milan is looking to reinvest the funds generated from that transfer to secure the services of the forward. Milan's pursuit of Lukaku, if successful, would mark a significant acquisition and provide a major boost to their attacking options. Meanwhile, Inter will aim to retain the services of the striker, given that the player himself wants to continue under Simeone Inzaghi. Whereas Chelsea would look to maximise their financial gain from the sale of the striker.


How many goals has Son Heung-min scored during his career? Tottenham Hotspur sensation's impressive stats in full

Son Heung-min is perhaps the best Asian player to grace the Premier League, but how many goals has the Spurs superstar scored in his career?

Son Heung-min is arguably the greatest Asian footballer in Premier League history, and perhaps even the entirety of European Football. During the 2022 Ballon d'Or, Son placed 11th in the rankings, the highest an Asian has ever finished in the award's long history.  The South Korean star has impressed ever since he left his country and joined Hamburger SV's academy as a 16-year-old in 2008.  His rapid rise into one of the most renowned goal-scoring wingers in football today might have come as a surprise to some, yet those who have seen him since his early days knew how much determination and motivation his father instilled in him. Son's goalscoring ability was clear to see from the moment he established himself at Hamburg, but he reached another level with Tottenham Hotspur under Mauricio Pochettino, Jose Mourinho and then Antonio Conte. But just how many goals has he scored so far in his career?


Hit or Miss: USMNT stars in the Eredivisie as Ricardo Pepi nears PSV transfer

GOAL takes a look at how several prominent American stars fared in the Dutch top-flight as the young striker prepares to sign in Eindhoven

Ricardo Pepi is climbing the Eredivisie ladder. After a star-making season on loan with Groningen,  . It's a massive move for the young striker, who will now leave Augsburg behind to join a PSV team that will play in the Champions League qualifiers next season after finishing second in the Eredivisie. Pepi will know exactly what to expect from the Dutch top-flight. He did just score 13 goals for Groningen, after all. In a league that has long been hailed as an attacker's paradise, Pepi proved he can score on a team that suffered relegation. What will he now be able to do on one that is chasing titles? The former FC Dallas star isn't the first American star to shine in the Eredivisie, a league that has, traditionally, been a good landing spot for USMNT talent. Legends like DaMarcus Beasley, Michael Bradley and Jozy Altidore all had fantastic spells in the league, while current USMNT regulars Sergino Dest and Luca de la Torre kickstarted their careers in the Netherlands. Even   had a productive spell in the Netherlands, which he discussed and length before playing Louis van Gaal's side at the World Cup last year. Ahead of Pepi's big move,   takes a look at the history of USMNT stars in the Netherlands:


How many goals has Marcus Rashford scored during his career? Manchester United star's stats in full

The England international is already among Man Utd's top goal scorers ever, but how many goals has he scored so far?

Marcus Rashford's talent has been obvious since his early days at   and his rise to prominence was swift. The attacker has been a lifelong United fan and has been at the club since he was seven years old.  He made his first-team debut in 2015-16 and has developed into a key figure since, with his explosiveness and athleticism on and off the ball on top of his ball-striking technique making him a threat from multiple situations.  Beyond the pitch, Rashford has also been a vocal figure against racism, food poverty and homelessness and his efforts to curb this with various campaigns to provide school students with meals and homeless people with necessary items earned him a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in October 2020. It's his performances on the pitch that most Man Utd fans will judge him on, though, so just how many goals has he scored for the club so far? Let's take a look.


How many goals has Robert Lewandowski scored during his career? Barcelona star's jaw-dropping stats in full

Robert Lewandowski has bagged an incredible amount of goals for his club and country, but just how many times in total has he found the net?

Robert Lewandowski has proven time and again that he is one of the greatest strikers the footballing world has ever seen. With over 600 goals to his name at club and international level, the prolific striker is showing no signs of slowing down even now he is well into his 30s The 2021-22 season alone saw him find the back of the net 50 times across all competitions. Despite his enormous achievements, ridiculous strike rate, and setting earth-shattering records season after season, the Poland star remains somewhat underappreciated compared to the likes of  and  . But how many goals has Lewandowski scored in total during his outrageous career at domestic and international level? Let’s take a look!


How many goals has Mohamed Salah scored during his career? Liverpool superstar's impressive stats in full

Salah is one of the few elite goal scorers in football today, but just how many times has the Egyptian star scored throughout his career?

Mohamed Salah is probably the most renowned goal-scoring winger in football outside of Lionel Messi.  The Liverpool star's career is a story of persistence and never giving up as the Egyptian wasn't always the high-scoring speedster we see today.  In the early stages of his professional career, few people would have associated him with goals per se as his perceived inability to be clinical in front of goal held him back at first. Through stints at various clubs across different leagues, however, he developed his ability in the final third and became the elite player he is now.  His time at Liverpool has seen mostly ups, with Salah being a large part of the Reds' success in the past five years. And it's not just Liverpool where he's made a difference, as Salah's time at Roma, Fiorentina and Basel also coincided with some of the best football they have played in recent history, with the Egyptian being a pivotal figure.  But just how many goals has he scored? Let's take a look.


Real Madrid new boy Jude Bellingham brings the Bernabeu to Birmingham as he makes special return to his home city with adidas to dish out free shirts to hundreds of youngsters

Jude Bellingham thrilled hundreds of Birmingham youngsters bearing free Real Madrid shirts in a surprise homecoming visit.

England international Bellingham endeared himself even more to Birmingham locals by gifting them free Madrid shirts bearing his name in a surprise homecoming appearance. The 19-year-old completed a €103 million (£88m/$110m) move from Borussia Dortmund to the Spanish giants last week and although he is a footballing superstar, he has not forgotten his roots. On Thursday, the midfielder, who grew up in Birmingham, and Adidas surprised hundreds of youngsters with ‘Store Twenty-Two’; a pop-up celebration of the teenager's love for the city. Named after the shirt number that was retired when he left his hometown, and open for just 90 minutes, the store handed out the brand-new Real Madrid home kits for the 2023-24 season, the latest Adidas boots, the new Women’s World Cup ‘’Oceaunz’’ football, and other Adidas X Jude Bellingham merchandise. Bellingham, who handed out free gifts at the checkout, said: “I may now play for Real Madrid, but Birmingham will forever be my home. I am forever thankful to my family and friends for their support throughout my journey so far, as well as to the people of Birmingham. “Ever since I made my debut here, their support has pushed me on, and helped me to believe that anything is possible. Today I wanted to come back and show them what that means to me, and to make sure they can be a part of the exciting next chapter of my career.” 


Arsenal are the best fit for Declan Rice - but certain trophies with Man City may be enough to swing the Premier League's biggest summer transfer saga

The 24-year-old is a better fit for Mikel Arteta's team, but Pep Guardiola is offering guaranteed silverware at the Etihad Stadium

Declan Rice knows a thing or two about difficult decisions. On February 13, 2019, after nearly a full year of deliberation,   Rice had even been capped three times by the senior side - but, crucially, not once in a competitive fixture. The backlash was bitter and Rice himself admitted that he could understand the fury of the Irish fans. However,  , he tellingly admitted that he ultimately decided to do what he considered "best for my future". And if we remove loyalty and integrity from the equation, given they are archaic concepts in modern football anyway, everyone would agree that Rice chose wisely. He has benefited enormously in the intervening four years, both from a sporting and financial perspective. Rice played in a World Cup last year - Ireland haven't even reached the finals since 2002 - while becoming an England international has also undoubtedly made him a more attractive proposition to sponsors.


Barcelona and PSG challenge Al-Hilal with Bernardo Silva offers but Man City eager to keep Portugal star

Manchester City star Bernardo Silva is keeping his options open after receiving offers from Barcelona, Paris Saint-Germain and Al-Hilal.

Bernardo Silva is a transfer target for Barcelona, PSG, and Al-Hilal,   understands, but a summer exit is not set in stone as City want to keep the Portuguese international. The 28-year-old said in January he was open to a   in the coming years and later on followed that up by admitting  . It remains to be seen if he will stay at City, where he has two years left on his contract. Silva   from Al-Hilal earlier this week, and if he does head for the Middle East, he would join footballing superstars such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and N'Golo Kante, and other big names could be on the way. Firstly, Silva will enjoy several weeks off before City head to Japan for a pre-season tour, where they will face Yokohama F Marinos, Bayern Munich, and then Atletico Madrid.


Mason Greenwood 'fed up' with Man Utd suspension and wants answer from Red Devils 'one way or another'

Mason Greenwood is "fed up" of waiting for Manchester United to make a decision over his future, a new report has claimed. 

The striker has been   as he seeks a return to professional football.  quote a source claiming that he is growing tired of waiting around, and has hired a private coach to work with him on his fitness. He has not trained at United's Carrington base. Greenwood has not played or trained with United since January 2022 but the prospect of him returning to the fold was raised when the t That has opened the door to Greenwood potentially earning a recall under manager Erik ten Hag, but it remains to be seen what decision United will take;  . An   into the England international, who has won one cap, is ongoing and Greenwood is unlikely to wear a United shirt until that is concluded, if at all. United have reportedly received a number of enquiries into the player's situation. The Sun reports that there is interest from Italy, with Juventus, AC Milan, and Inter all willing to take him on loan. It remains to be seen if United would be willing to countenance such a move this summer. United published a list of   at the end of the season, with Greenwood included.


'I'm a bit quiet' - Christopher Nkunku admits he hasn't spoken to Mauricio Pochettino yet & reveals what he'll bring to Chelsea

Christopher Nkunku admits he has yet to speak to new Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino as he prepares to join the club from RB Leipzig. 

Chelsea have completed the deal to sign Nkunku for a   after triggering his release clause. While he says he has yet to have a conversation with Pochettino, he says he will do his talking with his feet once he gets on the pitch in a blue shirt. Speaking to  , he said: We can say that I am a hard worker. I will give everything for the club, for the fans and to help the team bring some trophies. To give the best of my football. I hope I will make them as happy as I am to be here at this club. "On the pitch I’m a bit quiet, but I can speak, I can shout also. But I’m very focused on the football and about winning, to do everything right, so I can say I speak with my feet. But it’s important obviously to speak to the boys on the pitch." Asked directly about Pochettino, he replied: "I have not had a chance to speak to him, not yet. I spoke to some of my friends from Paris about him a little bit. I speak about him a little bit with some of the players. They told me that he’s a very good coach and I’m excited to work with him." Nkunku arrives at Chelsea after a stunning final season at Leipzig in which he managed to win the  , despite a protracted injury layoff, after scoring 16 league goals in 25 games as his club finished third in the Bundesliga. He may well end up being Kai Havertz's replacement, as he is in  . Nkunku is likely to be involved when   next month.


'My first stint at Wrexham' - Ryan Reynolds discovers spooky lookalike from 130 years ago

Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds has discovered his lookalike - who played for the club 130 years ago!

Hollywood superstar, Reynolds, posted a team picture on his Instagram stories from 1878 clicked after Wrexham AFC won their first-ever Welsh Cup. The actor cheekily pointed out a lookalike in the lineup with a caption that read: "My first stint at Wrexham." Fans were quick to notice this as well when the picture was shared on the club's official Twitter handle. One fan pointed out that the lookalike in the picture is in fact John Price. The Wales International, born in 1854, played in that iconic first-home Welsh International match against Scotland in 1877. Reynolds and fellow Hollywood star Rob McElhenney bought Wrexham in 2021 and since then the team is  . The team is  , the fourth level of English football, in the 2023–24 season.


WATCH: Ruben Neves gets emotional when reflecting on Wolves career as he seals €55m Al-Hilal move

Wolves captain Ruben Neves has completed a €55 million (£47.1m/$59.9m) move to Saudi Pro League side Al-Hilal.

Neves, has long been linked with a move away from the club and his exit has now been confirmed. The captain reflected on his departure in an emotional farewell message thanking the club and its supporters. A message from  ...  The former Porto captain is set to join a  . Barcelona were linked with the Portuguese, eyeing him as Sergio Busquets' replacement, but Al-Hilal swooped in for the midfielder. According to  , the Saudi giants were prompt in their negotiations with the player's agent and the club. The experienced player will be seen competing in the Saudi Pro League next season along with some of the biggest names in world football like Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema.


England U21s player ratings vs Czech Republic: Noni Madueke thrills before Jacob Ramsey and Emile Smith Rowe secure victory in Euros opener

The Chelsea winger starred as Lee Carsley's team got the victory they needed to ensure a perfect start to the tournament in Georgia

England Under-21s made the perfect start to the European Championship as Jacob Ramsey's goal early in the second half proved to be the difference in their 2-0 win over the Czech Republic in their tournament opener. Lee Carsley's side dominated possession from the off, and Chelsea winger Noni Madueke should have opened the scoring before half-time, the closest of his three efforts clipping the crossbar on its way over. The Young Lions were, though, indebted to goalkeeper James Trafford, as the Manchester City shot-stopper made two fine saves to deny Vasil Kusej before the break, while the Czech forward also fired wide when well placed. England eventually took the lead two minutes after half-time, as Aston Villa youngster Ramsey broke from midfield, traded a one-two with Anthony Gordon and slotted a fine finish into the bottom corner. And though England had a couple of scares, the win was thoroughly well deserved given their dominance, though they had to wait until stoppage-time to seal it, as Cameron Archer squared for fellow substitute Emile Smith Rowe to tap into an empty net.  rates England's players from the Batumi Arena in Georgia...


Sandro Tonali 'broke down in tears' when AC Milan told him they were selling him to Newcastle

Sandro Tonali is said to have broken down in tears after he was told he was being sold to Newcastle from AC Milan.

A new report from   claims that Tonali was keen to stay at Milan instead of moving to the Premier League club. The midfielder, they claim, was left in tears after being informed of the move, as he was keen to retire at the San Siro. Despite Tonali's wishes, Milan have accepted Newcastle's bid and the former Italy Under-21 international now   of becoming the club's marquee addition of the summer. Tonali is likely to complete his move in the coming days as Newcastle strengthen Howe's squad.


Declan Rice transfer latest: Arsenal to submit £100m bid for West Ham captain imminently amid Man City interest

Arsenal are set to table a £100 million ($127m) bid for West Ham captain Declan Rice amid rival interest from Manchester City. 

 reports that West Ham are expecting a new bid from Arsenal for their captain, after a recent offer worth  . The Gunners know that they must get closer to the Irons' valuation amid the rival interest from the Premier League champions.  is said to have sharpened the focus at the Emirates on securing Rice's signature, as Mikel Arteta has earmarked the England international as his top target. The report also states that City are ready to make a formal bid.  The saga surrounding Rice's future appears to be nearing its conclusion, although it remains unclear where he will end up.


Cesar Azpilicueta is leaving Chelsea as Blues legend reaches agreement over personal terms with Inter

Cesar Azpilicueta is set to leave Chelsea to join Inter Milan, bringing to an end his 11-year association with the club. 

The long-serving defender, who joined the club from Marseille in 2012, has agreed personal terms with Inter and will sign a two-year deal at San Siro,  . Azpilicueta has made 508 appearances for the club and has won the Premier League twice, as well as the Champions League, the League Cup, the FA Cup, the Club World Cup, and the Europa League, twice. Azpilicueta is set to be one of numerous players to leave Chelsea this summer as they look to trim an extremely bloated squad.  ,  , and a variety of players, including  , appear to be closing in on moves to Saudi Arabia. Azpilicueta is likely to formalise his exit from Chelsea swiftly, having agreed personal terms with Inter.


USMNT captain Tyler Adams catches up with golf stars Scottie Scheffler and Tony Finau at Travelers Championship event

United States men's national team captain, Tyler Adams, was spotted hanging out with golf stars at a PGA Tour event.

Adams was in attendance at the Traveler's Championship event in Connecticut. The former New York Red Bulls star was spotted taking pictures with golf stars Scottie Scheffler and Tony Finau. PGA's official Twitter handle shared the pictures of the tidy midfielder alongside the big names of the golf world. Meeting of the minds 🤝  captain   caught up with Scottie Scheffler and   following Friday’s round  .  The Leeds midfielder has been linked with multiple clubs following the club's relegation from the Premier League this season. Aston Villa are one of the sides interested in signing the 24-year-old, according to  . Brighton are also  with Adams and could offer him a way back into the Premier League. Adams is currently recovering from a hamstring injury that ended his season early.


'I would never have believed it' - USMNT winger Alex Zendejas on Weston McKennie's High School Musical song selection and a shirtless post-Nations League title meal

Alejandro Zendejas confirmed it was Weston McKennie that put on High School Musical after the U.S. men's national team's Nations League triumph.

 The U.S. recently won the Nations League trophy, topping Canada 3-0 in the final after a 3-0 win over Mexico days earlier. The locker room celebrations were shown extensively on Instagram Live, with one moment, in particular, catching the eye. McKennie was seen leading a singalong to Breaking Free from the Disney Channel movie High School Musical, and Zendejas, who reflected on the celebrations as a whole ahead of the upcoming Gold Cup, confirmed that it was, in fact, McKennie that chose the song. Weston McKennie got the USMNT dressing room singing High School Musical 😂😂😂  "The most strange [moment] would be when Weston put High School Musical on in the locker room," Zendejas said. "I would never think we'd do that!" He continued: "The experience was unreal. Obviously, I've known those guys since I was 15, so just being with them and enjoying the moment with them was a great experience. It's not every day you get to lift a trophy, so I really took that in, and that's just extra motivation to do the same with this tournament." Head coach B.J. Callaghan, meanwhile, revealed how he saw Zendejas really savor the moment at a post-win meal: "After the team got back to the hotel, we're in the team meal room and Alex is a guy who doesn't wear a shirt all that often. He's one of the guys with no shirt on in the meal room but what he does have on his neck still? The Nations League medal. You can tell how important that moment was for him and it was something that I was glad that he was able to experience with the team. Hopefully, we continue to have great success here with the Gold Cup and he can keep his shirt off one more time." Zendejas is expected to be a key player for the U.S. at the   and is one of five holdovers from the Nations League squad. The USMNT is looking to make it a second consecutive cycle with a summer double, having won the Nations League and Gold Cup back in 2021. "Hopefully, I can take a leadership role," Zendejas said. "I feel like B.J. has given me the confidence to do so, so I try to take what I got from the guys in Nations League camp and just bring it to the Gold Cup." The USMNT will open up their Gold Cup defense on Saturday in Chicago when they face their toughest group stage opponent, Jamaica.


CONCACAF Gold Cup 2023 rosters: USMNT, Mexico & every team's squad list

Squad lists for every team at the Gold Cup in the USA.

Gold Cup 2023 will see some of the best teams from the region of North America, Central America and the Caribbean clash with one another, with some of the most talented footballers set to feature.  Each team was able to name a squad of 23 players for the tournament, with the final deadline set for June 14, 2023. Preliminary squads were announced in advance, with coaches having the tough job of reducing the list by omitting players. Some reductions were forced due to injuries in a number of teams. So which players will be playing in the USA this June and July?   brings you the latest information about every team's Gold Cup squad.


Weston McKennie & Sergio Dest learn fate as Concacaf dishes out suspensions following brawl during USMNT's win over Mexico in Nations League semi-final

Concacaf has confirmed that they have handed down further bans to US men's national team duo Sergino Dest and Weston McKennie. 

 McKennie and Dest have been handed further bans for their part in the brawls that marred the USMNT's Nations League semi-final against Mexico. While the USMNT won the game 3-0 and both McKennie and Dest were sent off, along with Cesar Montes and Gerardo Arteaga. The incident ended up with McKennie's  .  Concacaf has now confirmed that McKennie has been banned for three more matches, in addition to automatic one-match suspension, while Dest has been banned for two more matches. Montes and Arteaga have been banned for three and two games respectively and will miss Gold Cup games, although neither McKennie nor Dest are in the USMNT squad for the tournament. However, it's been indicated that the U.S. pair's suspensions will be served during the competition. The USMNT kick off their Gold Cup campaign against Jamaica this weekend; Mexico face Honduras.


Sergio Busquets to Inter Miami is a done deal! Midfielder to link up with former team-mate Lionel Messi following Barcelona release

Inter Miami have announced the signing of Sergio Busquets, as the ex-Barcelona star is poised to link up with former team-mate Lionel Messi. 

 Busquets is set to link up with Messi in Major League Soccer after the Spain international decided to reject bids from Saudi Arabia and move to the USA, with his switch officially announced on Friday.   Busquets spent 15 years at Barcelona and won La Liga nine times, while lifting the Copa del Rey seven times and the Champions League three times. He also won the World Cup with Spain in 2010 and the European Championships in 2012.  . Busquets is likely to be officially unveiled as an Inter Miami player soon.


USWNT star Sophia Smith makes NWSL history with incredible hat-trick as Portland Thorns forward heads into her first ever women's World Cup in form of her life

Sophia Smith will head to the World Cup with the United States women's national team in sensational form after making history for Portland Thorns.

The 22-year-old became the youngest player in National Women's Soccer League history to score 30 goals after netting a hat-trick in her side's 4-2 win over title rivals Washington. Smith is also only the third player to score two hat-tricks in a single season, after Sam Kerr and Kristen Hamilton. Sophia Smith is coming for ALL the records 💪  A top of the table matchup that lived up to the hype.  match recap presented by    A message from the youngest player in league history to score 30 goals 🌹 Now on her way to NZ/AUS ✈️  In what is likely to be her final game for her club before the women's World Cup, Smith said: "Oh my gosh, thank you guys for supporting us and I ask that you continue to show up for this team. We will need all your support. I have full trust in this group to continue taking care of business so that when I come back [from the World Cup] we're still top of the table. I love you guys, thanks for coming out tonight."    as they attempt to become the first team to win three successive World Cups in Australia and New Zealand. She has earned 29 caps for her country thus far, scoring 12 goals. .


WATCH: Bizarre video of Champions League final ref Szymon Marciniak waving yellow cards to a mirror goes viral

UCL final referee, Szymon Marciniak, prepares himself ahead of the big clash between Man City and Inter in a viral clip.

The referee for the UCL final, Szymon Marciniak, has been spotted showing himself yellow cards in the mirror ahead of the kick-off and the footage is now viral. The referee gave an insight into the pre-game preparation for match officials. 🗣️ “We have all this time with the decisions…”  📺 Fascinating new footage of Szymon Marciniak’s pre-match preparations ahead of the UCL Final!  📹 Via    Manchester City beat Inter Milan 1-0 in the UCL final thanks to a goal from Rodri to win their first European title and complete the treble. Pep Guardiola became the first manager to win the treble with two different clubs.


Mason Greenwood puts luxury £15k-a-month mansion up for rent amid reports Man Utd are sending him abroad on loan

Mason Greenwood has reportedly put his luxury mansion up for rent, suggesting that he could soon be leaving Manchester United.

Greenwood has not played for United since January 2022, when he was suspended amid allegations of attempted rape, assault, and controlling or coercive behaviour,  . United are continuing to conduct their  , although he was included on their  .  reports that he has put his Manchester house up for rent, suggesting that he could well be on the move soon as United potentially look to cut ties with the one-time England international. The report adds that the six-bedroom home is being circulated between high-end lettings agents, and would cost more than £15,000-per-month ($19,000). United are reported to have been contacted by three Serie A clubs, with Juventus, Inter, and AC Milan all said to be interested in securing Greenwood's signature on a short-term basis. He is not said to be considered as transfer listed, and is more likely to leave on loan than on a permanent deal. Erik ten Hag, United's manager,  , but there is an understanding among the executives at the club that it may lead to a significant backlash. Greenwood, who has made a total of 129 appearances for United, scoring 35 goals,  . It has also been suggested that  .  The United forward has been training alone, with images circulating on social media  .


Explained: Why West Ham's London Stadium has been turned into a baseball field exclusively for MLB

West Ham's London Stadium has been transformed into a baseball field ahead of the MLB London series.

 West Ham's home ground has been completely transformed, with both dressing rooms decked out in baseball colours ahead of the London Series. On the pitch, the football markings have been scrubbed away, with the US sport taking precedence. London Stadium, as you've never seen it before    Major League Baseball are attempting to make serious inroads into the European market and are staging the fixture between the Chicago Cubs and the St. Louis Cardinals in England. It is the first London Series game in four years, following on from the New York Yankees' clash with the Boston Red Sox. The London Stadium has become a venue for more than just football, with West Ham's iconic ground becoming a concert arena that has hosted the likes of pop megastar The Weeknd, and even a monster truck showcase. The MLB series will be staged on June 24, and  .


USMNT interim boss B.J. Callaghan: Gregg Berhalter and I are always talking, but Gold Cup squad is separate

U.S. men's national team interim coach B.J. Callaghan says he is frequently in contact with Gregg Berhalter, but the Gold Cup is his job alone.

 Berhalter  , as U.S. Soccer's six-month coaching search landed right back on the man that led them through the 2022 cycle. He won't truly begin until after the Gold Cup, though, as Berhalter is set to work with new sporting director Matt Crocker to develop a plan leading up to the World Cup in 2026. Until then, Callaghan will remain in charge of the USMNT, having already  . Callaghan, who was an assistant under Berhalter for years, says he remains in constant contact with the incoming head coach, but Berhalter isn't meddling in any Gold Cup decisions as the team is solely under Callaghan's leadership. "Him and I do speak, in general," Callaghan said. "We spoke often when he wasn't named the coach. He's a friend. He's a mentor. He's someone that I worked with for over four and a half years, so I think it's just natural to have conversations and to bounce ideas off of each other in regards, specifically, to the messaging and things that go on. "In the Gold Cup, though, it's completely within our camp. It's completely within our staff as he and Matt continue to build towards the future and evolve this national team and as we sort of continue to embark on the goals for 2026." Callaghan says he views the Gold Cup as, essentially, two separate tournaments that the U.S. must play: a group stage and a knockout round. In order to earn the right to play in the knockouts, the U.S. must first take control of the group stage, which begins on Saturday. For the players, the Gold Cup is very much a chance to impress both Callaghan and Berhalter as the 2026 cycle truly gets underway, and Callaghan can't imagine a better way to start it than with a summer double. "The message to everybody on the roster is that this is an opportunity for us to continue to challenge ourselves," he said. "In a group play model and then earning the right to go to a knockout model, you'll see what a World Cup will look like. We're challenging each player to accept that opportunity and, for us, it continues to battle test and prepare a deep player pool as we continue to find moments to do that, as we continue to march towards this 2026 World Cup that we get to host in our home country." The U.S. will face Jamaica in their first group stage game on Saturday at Soldier Field in Chicago.


Still friends?! PSG wish Lionel Messi a happy 36th birthday with special video despite Argentine's controversial message to Kylian Mbappe before Inter Miami move

PSG have wished Lionel Messi a happy birthday with a special Twitter message, despite the Argentine reportedly urging Kylian Mbappe to leave.

PSG took to Twitter to upload a special video message to Messi, wishing him a happy birthday, which comes after the Argentine risked the club's wrath by reportedly  . The France international is at the centre of a transfer saga this summer, having said that he will  , and he has been  . It was reported that Messi told Mbappe to join either Barcelona or Madrid, as both clubs offer a "real winning project". Joyeux anniversaire 𝗟𝗲𝗼 🎂🔴🔵  Messi's exit from PSG was a protracted one. He was suspended for two weeks after making an  , and he was booed by sections of the Parc des Princes upon his return. He was heavily linked with a move to the Middle East,  . Barcelona, who missed out on bringing the legendary forward back to the club, also took to social media to wish Messi a happy birthday. 🎂 ¡Feliz cumpleaños, Leo! 🐐  Messi's future is sorted, with the Argentine leaving PSG at the end of his contract on June 30.  . Mbappe, meanwhile, is likely to be at the centre of a saga throughout the summer, albeit  .


'Like a dream' - USMNT & Arsenal star Folarin Balogun reflects on 'unreal end to the season' after scoring in Nations League final

Arsenal forward Folarin Balogun reflected on a memorable end to the season as he scored his first United States men's national team goal.

USA defeated Canada 2-0 in the CONCACAF Nations League final and Balogun netted the winning goal for his team. The 21-year-old took to Instagram to reflect on a memorable season with the national team and Reims where he spent the season on loan from Arsenal. Balogun shared a video of some of his memorable moments from the season and wrote: "An unreal end to the season for me! I’ve had a few days to reflect and my first goal for the USMNT coming in a final still feels like a dream to me! Winning means the world and to pick up my first professional trophy in front of you guys is unforgettable. See you soon!" Balogun scored 22 goals in 39 appearances for Reims as the French club finished 11th in Ligue 1. The striker has now returned to Arsenal but   after spending the last two seasons at Middlesbrough and Reims. He signed a four-year contract with the Gunners in 2021. The striker has been heavily   and is likely to move on from Arsenal in the summer.


Jude Bellingham reacts as 17-year-old brother Jobe leaves Birmingham City - where Real Madrid star has legendary status - to sign for Championship rivals Sunderland

Jude Bellingham has reacted after his little brother, Jobe, completed a move from Birmingham City to Sunderland. 

Jude Bellingham took to Twitter to react to the confirmation of his 17-year-old brother's move from Birmingham to Sunderland. He has signed a long-term contract at the Stadium of Light, and will aim to help the club out of the Championship and into the Premier League. 😍😍😍   Bellingham Jr came through the ranks at Birmingham, as his brother did, although he did not quite make the same impact. Indeed,  , his   in his honour. Jobe, meanwhile, made a total of 26 appearances for Birmingham and has played for England at various youth levels up to the Under-18s.  Having completed his move, Jobe Bellingham said:  Sunderland will be aiming for promotion this season, having finished sixth in 2022-23, only to lose to Luton Town in the play-off semi-finals.


Alejandro Garnacho next? From Eric Cantona to Cristiano Ronaldo, David Beckham to Edinson Cavani - A history of Man Utd's No.7s

With Alejandro Garnacho tipped to take on the iconic No.7 shirt at Old Trafford, GOAL looks at some of the others to have worn it over the years.

United, of course, have had some truly iconic players wear the famed shirt, including the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, George Best, and Bryan Robson. There have also been some major flops, namely Michael Owen and Alexis Sanchez, but a reports are now claiming that  . The Argentina international has developed into one of the best young players in the world - and has been nominated for the   - but how would he deal with the weight of expectation that comes with wearing the club's legendary number?  takes a look at the history of the No.7 shirt at Old Trafford and how others have coped with it.


Mexico's 2023 Gold Cup roster: Who's in & who's out?

The most successful team in the competition's history, Mexico are one of the favourites for the title. But who is on their Gold Cup roster?

This summer, Mexico's men's national team will be looking to further extend their list of CONCACAF Gold Cup trophies by winning their ninth title, and in the process also extending the gap between them and other teams below them on the list. The squad chosen for this year's Gold Cup is not too different from the ones they have used in previous tournaments and has much more experience  . However, Mexico are a bit of a mess heading into the tournament, having suffered a humiliating 3-0 defeat to the U.S. in the Nations League semi-final, with manager   after less than five months at the helm. So, who has interim manager Jaime Lozano trusted to deliver on the big stage, and get Mexico out of the chaotic situation they're currently in?  breaks down Lozano's 23-player Gold Cup squad...


Chelsea flash sale continues? Borussia Dortmund look to Stamford Bridge for Jude Bellingham replacement

Borussia Dortmund are eyeing a potential move to sign Conor Gallagher from Chelsea as a replacement for Jude Bellingham.

Dortmund are said to be considering a move to sign Gallagher from Chelsea as they look to find a successor for Bellingham, whom they sold to Real Madrid earlier this summer. The England ace has been identified as a potential replacement, per  , and he claims Dortmund have had a concrete interest for months. Gallagher made 35 appearances for Chelsea in the Premier League last season but just 18 of those were starts. Still, Mauricio Pochettino's side are demanding £50m ($63.5m) for Gallagher this summer. Chelsea are in talks to sell multiple players this summer.  ,  , and a clutch of players have been linked with  .


Inside Lionel Messi's incredible car collection - From $36m Ferrari to trio of Audis

The second-richest footballer on the planet owns a fleet of luxury cars

Lionel Messi is undoubtedly one of the biggest brands in football apart from being one of the greatest players of all time.  The Inter Miami star ranks second in the list of highest-earning footballers in the world, right after his rival Cristiano Ronaldo,  The two superstars have been consistently topping the charts of the highest-earning footballers in the world for close to a decade now.  With a handsome pay, Messi quite expectantly leads a lavish lifestyle that includes an array of luxury cars in his garage.  Let's find out the cars which the superstar footballer drives. The most expensive car in Messi’s garage is undoubtedly the Ferrari 335 S Spider Scaglietti. Interestingly, he bought the car in an auction for a whopping $36 Million. Who came second in the auction? Cristiano Ronaldo. Also known as ‘prancing horse of 1957’, the car is powered by a 4.0L naturally aspirated V12 engine and can reach a top speed of 300kmph.  Another Ferrari model that Messi uses is the Ferrari F430 Spyder. He paid $164,490 for this special model of Ferrari. The car is powered by a 4.3 L Ferrari F136 E V8 and generates 503hp. German car manufacturing giants Audi sponsored Barcelona up until 2019 and thus it is no surprise that being a former Barca player Messi owns an Audi car. In fact, he owns three of them, Audi RS6 which costs $108,000, Audi A7 which is priced at $69,200 and Audi Q7 for $54,590. Along with the Ferrari 335 S Spider Scaglietti, Messi owns the exotic Italian sports car Pagani Zonda, Tricolore edition. The car comprises a 7.3L V12 engine mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission. The Argentine paid around $2 million for the beauty.  Mercedes SLS AMG is another exotic and classy car in possession of Messi for which he paid around $642,490 for the car. This Mercedes beauty comprises a 6.2-liter DOHC V8 engine which gives a brilliant performance. It is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful cars in Messi’s collection.  Messi is often seen using the Maserati Gran Turismo MC Stradale whenever he is at his home in Argentina. The car has got a 4.7-litre V8 engine and it produces 444bhp and 510 Nm of torque. He paid $242,100 for this car. Range Rovers are one of the most luxurious and expensive SUV cars in the world and no surprise that Messi is a proud owner of two Range Rover models - Range Rover Vogue which costs around $200,000 and Range Rover Sport which comes for $69,500. Messi purchased this eight-seater Cadillac for $75,195. It is a perfect car for a family of five. The Cadillac Escalade is powered by a 420-hp V-8 mated to a 10-speed automatic transmission. The least expensive cars in Messi's collection are a Lexus RX 450h and Mini Cooper. The Lexus cost him around $46,800 and the Mini Cooper costs around $19,733.


Saying goodbye? Kevin De Bruyne & Nathan Ake meet up with Ilkay Gundogan on a boat on holiday as Man City captain closes in on Barcelona move

Manchester City stars Kevin De Bruyne and Nathan Ake met up with club captain Ilkay Gundogan on holiday ahead of his move to Barcelona.

After leading Manchester City to a historic treble this season,   in the summer as a free agent. Ahead of his move to Catalonia, Gundogan caught up with teammates and friends Kevin De Bruyne and Nathan Ake on holiday. The German midfielder was Pep Guardiola's first signing as Manchester City boss in the summer of 2016. The 32-year-old who won 14 trophies in Manchester, is now all set to leave the club after seven years  . Manchester City players are now enjoying a well-deserved break after a brilliant season. They are expected to rejoin training by the second week of July as they are set to conduct   starting July 23.


Revealed: How much Rasmus Hojlund will cost Man Utd as Red Devils see £31m bid rejected

Manchester United have reportedly been informed by Atalanta that any transfer deal for Rasmus Hojlund this summer will cost £39 million ($50m).

The Red Devils are said to have seen an opening offer of £31m ($39m) for the   knocked back. They are, however, not far away from meeting the Serie A side's demands.  According to  , a further £8m ($10m) will be enough to get a deal over the line. It remains to be seen whether United will retain their interest in the 20-year-old – who is also being linked with Juventus – or whether attention will be shifted towards alternative targets. Hojlund joined Atalanta for £15m ($19m) from Sturm Graz in the summer of 2022 and hit 10 goals during his debut campaign in Italy. Alongside the Denmark international, United are also looking to put deals in place for   and  .


Can Emile Smith Rowe & Kai Havertz play in the same Arsenal XI? England U21 star reacts to competition from £65m signing

Emile Smith Rowe is embracing the added competition for places at Arsenal that the arrival of £65 million ($83m) signing Kai Havertz will bring.

 The Gunners have invested heavily in another creative forward during the summer transfer window, with   from Premier League rivals Chelsea. It has been suggested that a big-money deal for the highly-rated 24-year-old could   at Emirates Stadium, but the 22-year-old is ready to fight for his place in Mikel Arteta’s plans. Smith Rowe has told   while on  : “I see what happens and obviously it’s good for the club to add strength to the team. I feel like the additions we’re making are going to really help the team progress again. It’s really exciting so hopefully we can go one step further next season. Of course (it is extra competition with Havertz), but this is football. You’ve just got to get on with it. I’ve got to keep working hard and it’s healthy competition. I’ve got to keep fighting.”  It may be that Arteta looks to fit both Smith Rowe and Havertz into the same system. Smith Rowe added on his role: “I did see a lot of talk about my position but I’m not really sure what they think. I’m happy to play anywhere. Maybe it is inside, maybe it’s wide. I’ll be having that conversation when I get back.” Smith Rowe has taken in 96 appearances for Arsenal, while inheriting the No.10 jersey, but only 14 of those came in an injury-hit 2022-23 campaign that saw him fail to make a single Premier League start.


Vinicius Junior x Justin Jefferson! Real Madrid star tries out American football with Minnesota Vikings wide receiver in Rio de Janeiro

Vinicius Junior tried out American football with NFL star and Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Justin Jefferson in Rio de Janeiro.

The Real Madrid and Brazil star who is currently on holiday in his native Rio de Janeiro was seen playing American football with Vikings player Jefferson. Vinicius along with Neymar and Paul Pogba travelled to Florida last month  . The two Brazilians were seen cheering on "good friend" and Heat star Jimmy Butler. The winger is expected to rejoin Real Madrid training this month before the team head out to USA where they are   against AC Milan, Manchester United, Barcelona and Juventus.


Barcelona in surprise link up with YouTubers KSI & Logan Paul as La Liga champions to ditch Gatorade for PRIME

Barcelona are set to sever ties with Gatorade and switch to PRIME as their new energy drinks sponsor.

Barcelona's current contract with Gatorade will expire on June 30 after which PRIME, owned by YouTubers Logan Paul and KSI will be their new energy drinks partner as per  . The rise of the brand Prime has been exponential since its introduction in the market in 2022. They are currently associated with Premier League giants Arsenal and UFA as their official drinks partner and are now set to sponsor Barcelona. The reigning La Liga champions are set to visit the USA in July   where they will face teams like Juventus, Arsenal, Real Madrid and AC Milan.


Mason Mount saga continues! Chelsea reject Man Utd's latest offer and demand £65m with clubs set for in-person meeting

Chelsea have rejected Manchester United's latest offer of £55 million ($69.8m) for Mason Mount.

 As reported by multiple journalists on Friday evening, the Blues have demanded £58m ($73.7m) plus £7m ($8.9m) for Mount.  , among others, have also stated that the two clubs are set to meet in person imminently to hammer out a deal.  Mount's prospective move to Old Trafford has been the transfer saga of the summer so far. His contract expires at the end of the 2022-23 season and the Blues are acutely aware that they risk the England international walking for free if they do not sell him before the current window closes. Despite this, they are standing firm on their valuation thus far.  Mount is one of a long list of Chelsea players who are   over the coming weeks.   and he could be   by Edouard Mendy, Hakim Ziyech and Kalidou Koulibaly. , while  .


Man Utd consider giving Cristiano Ronaldo's No.7 shirt to a teenager for first time in 20 years

Manchester United are considering handing the iconic number seven shirt, previously worn by Cristiano Ronaldo, to teenager Alejandro Garnacho.

Garnacho is being considered for the No.7 shirt, per the  , and were he to be given the number, he would be the first teenager to wear it since Ronaldo in 2003. The No.7 has remained vacant since the Portugal international moved to Al-Nassr in January, and Garnacho currently wears No.49.  and made his debut in April of 2022. He has made a total of 36 appearances for the club, scoring five goals and registering five assists, and he has been  . The No.7 shirt at United is iconic - having been worn by Ronaldo, George Best, Eric Cantona and David Beckham - but it has also been an albatross around the neck of many players since the Portuguese left for Real Madrid in 2009. It has  , six players who all underwhelmed at the club. Garnacho will hope to be heavily involved  .


Christian Pulisic, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and the seven players Chelsea are still looking to sell in the summer transfer window

Chelsea are reportedly looking to sell another seven players in the summer window, with Christian Pulisic and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on that list.

The Blues are, after investing heavily on fresh faces since the Todd Boehly-led consortium took charge at Stamford Bridge, eager to raise funds in order to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations and trim a bloated squad that has been inherited by new boss Mauricio Pochettino. That process has already seen N’Golo Kante leave as a free agent, while Kalidou Koulibaly and Edouard Mendy have joined the French World Cup winner in Saudi Arabia. German forward Kai Havertz has been offloaded to Arsenal, Mateo Kovacic has joined Manchester City and  . Chelsea believe that they can raise a further £100m-plus ($127m), allowing them to bring in more additions.  , with Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo and Celta Vigo star Gabri Veiga next in the Blues’ sights.


All completed Ligue 1 transfers in 2023-24 - listed

GOAL rounds up all of the completed Ligue 1 transfers

Ligue 1 is one of the most exciting leagues in Europe and one of the biggest talent factories on the continent. A lot of clubs in the French top flight choose to focus on developing their youth players, inevitably leading to bigger teams sniffing around to land the country's top talent. Over the last few years, Ligue 1 has witnessed some of the most spectacular football transfers, including those involving the likes of Lionel Messi, Neymar, and Kylian Mbappe to Paris Saint-Germain, Alexis Sanchez signing for Marseille, and Eduardo Camavinga leaving Rennes for Real Madrid.  rounds up all of the confirmed moves both in and out of Ligue 1 for the 2022-23 campaign.


David de Gea woke up unemployed on his wedding day! Goalkeeper marries long-term partner Edurne ahead of crunch Man Utd contract talks

David de Gea got married to long term partner Edurne ahead of crucial contract talks with Manchester United.

The Spanish goalkeeper tied the knot with partner Edurne on Saturday and the couple later uploaded a photo of them together on Instagram post-wedding with a caption, "We couldn't be happier!" De Gea is technically a free agent at the moment as his previous contract with United expired after June 30. The club have reportedly  , as they continue talks with Inter over a transfer of their goalkeeper Andre Onana. The Spanish goalkeeper has been   as he continues to hold contract talks with United. It remains to be seen now if he agrees to extend his stay at Old Trafford or end his 12-year-long association with the club to reunite with Cristiano Ronaldo in the Middle East.


USMNT star Tim Weah tells Juventus his best position & explains why he completed €12m transfer to Serie A

Tim Weah has informed Juventus of his preferred position and explained why a €12 million (£10m/$13m) transfer to Italy has been put in place.

 The United States international has   after bringing a stint in France with Lille to a close. The 23-year-old – who is the son of AC Milan legend and former Ballon d’Or winner George Weah – will offer useful versatility to the Juve cause. He forged his reputation as an exciting winger, but has shown that he can defend as well and believes his best role now combines those two skill sets. Speaking to Juve’s  , Weah has said of  : “I am a really intense player, I love to make runs, cross and deliver, so with the teammates that I have, hopefully I can benefit from that, help those guys score goals and play beautiful football. Personally, I’m a workhorse, I work for the team and hopefully the fans will appreciate my hard work. “I definitely have a preferred position, it would have to be wing-back, and that’s probably where I’ll play here. I’m super excited. It’s a new position for me, but it’s something that I like. Having experience of playing striker on the wing, I think that benefits me a lot. Wherever the coach needs me and the team needs help, I am happy.” Weah had been in France since linking up with Paris Saint-Germain’s youth academy in 2014 and has said of the reasons for taking on a new challenge in Italy: “I’m excited, honoured, blessed, it’s a childhood dream. It’s one of the biggest clubs in the world, if not the, so I’m super proud to be Bianconeri. Just everything about the club, the history, the players, the coaching staff and the belief that everyone had in me. I feel at home here.  "The fans, as you saw they came and supported me at the medical. I’m just happy and excited to get started. The history of my family and my dad playing for Milan, that in itself is huge, and now his son gets the opportunity to be in Serie A and play for one of the greatest clubs. It’s wonderful. It’s one of his favourite clubs, he supports Juventus, he’s crazy about them, so it really made the choice easy for me.” Weah – who has also spent time on loan at Scottish giants Celtic – has made over 100 appearances at club level in his career to date and, having graced the 2022 World Cup finals in Qatar, is up to 31 caps for his country.


‘He is a bipolar coach’ – What it's like to work for Jose Mourinho as Roma defender Roger Ibanez lifts the lid

Jose Mourinho is renowned for being a larger-than-life character, with Roma defender Roger Ibanez admitting that the Portuguese “is a bipolar coach”.

 The former Porto, Chelsea, Inter, Real Madrid and Manchester United manager has enjoyed tangible success just about everywhere he has been – with a spell at  . The enigmatic 60-year-old is famed for his man-management skills and forging an “us against the world” mentality within any squad that he pieces together. He has, however,   either – be that to those at his disposal,   – and Ibanez concedes that working under the most mercurial of managers is an interesting experience. Ibanez has told  : “It is fantastic to experience him day after day. I think he is a bipolar coach, in that one day he laughs and jokes with you, then the next you can’t even speak to him.” Ibanez has spent the last two years working with Mourinho in Rome and could see him   at some stage in the future. The 24-year-old defender, who has two caps for the Selecao to his name, said of the rumours linking Mourinho with a prominent post in South America: “I think he would adapt very easily, but only he knows what the future holds.” Mourinho, who has been   ahead of the 2023-24 campaign, still has a year left to run on his contract at Roma – a side he guided to Europa Conference League glory in 2022 and to the Europa League final in 2023.


Women's World Cup 2023 squads: England, USWNT, Brazil, Spain & all 32 team rosters in Australia and New Zealand

All 32 squads that will be competing at the 2023 Women's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand this summer

All eyes will be firmly fixed on Australia and New Zealand this summer for the latest instalment of the Women's World Cup. Reigning champions, the United States are looking to lift one of the biggest prizes in football for the fifth time, but they will face stiff competition from the likes of England, Germany and France. Although a whole host of big names will, unfortunately, be absent from the action due to injury, there will still be plenty of star talent on display, including the likes of Megan Rapinoe, Marta and Alessia Russo. The next generation of women's football stars, such as Aoba Fujino, Alyssa Thompson and Melchie Dumornay, will also aim to turn heads. Below are all 32 confirmed squads for this summer's showpiece event, including which club each player turns out for.


Wilfried Zaha wears hilarious 'Game Over' t-shirt as Crystal Palace star jets off on his stag do with five friends ahead of marriage to fiancée Paige Bannister

Wilfried Zaha was forced to wear a hilarious 'Game Over' t-shirt as he jets off on his stag do with five friends.

Zaha is heading off on his stag, celebrating his upcoming marriage to Paige Bannister, and uploaded a picture on Instagram of him and his five friends at the airport, with their bags packed. While all of his mates are wearing t-shirts saying "Wilf's stag", Zaha's top says "Game Over" and has a husband and wife, with a ball and chain. It remains to be seen if Zaha will be a Palace player at the end of the summer window. His contract is expiring and he has been linked with a variety of moves; he has   but there is interest from   and  . His footballing future is likely to be far from his mind while he enjoys his stag do but Zaha will hope to iron out his next steps once he returns.


Negative body language, poor training performances and prioritising Croatia: Why Inter are selling Marcelo Brozovic to Al-Nassr

Inter were not happy with Marcelo Brozovic's negative body language and his apparent tendency to prioritise country over club.

The Croatian midfielder is  . The club are willing to let go of the player despite him signing a four-year contract in March 2022. They are apparently not happy with Brozovic's on-field attitude while playing for the club and also his tendency to give the national team more priority, according to  The 30-year-old midfielder was sidelined in October last year due to a hamstring injury. He managed to play just three matches for Inter before heading to Qatar in November for the World Cup but for Croatia, he appeared in every minute of the flagship competition. Once he was back from the World Cup, the player once again complained of a calf injury and instead of getting treated by the club's medical team, he decided to consult personal physiotherapist Andreja Milutinovic who had previously worked with AC Milan. The Nerazzurri also did not approve of Brozovic's on-field negative attitude and his lack of effort in training. He even reportedly demanded a severance pay ahead of his move to Saudi Arabia which further irked the club. The midfielder has not put pen to paper yet with Al-Nassr but he is likely to sign a three-year deal that will see him earn in excess of €35m (£30m/$38m) per year.


Spider-Man's advice for Harry Kane as actor Tom Holland - a Tottenham fan - bizarrely tells Man Utd target & Son Heung-min to sign for Real Madrid

Spider-Man actor Tom Holland, a Tottenham fan, has bizarrely urged both Harry Kane and Son Heung-min to join Real Madrid this summer.

Spurs supporter Holland was  asked about what he would say to Kane if given the chance, and he urged him to "go to Madrid. Go and be the best football player in the world that you deserve to be." He was then asked his favourite player and said: "Son, and I'd say go with him! Go together! Go and win the Champions League together, please!" Tom Holland on Spurs😭😭😭  Kane's future is up in the air, with his contract expiring at the end of the coming season. He has been   to potentially replace Karim Benzema after his switch to  .   but it remains to be seen if Spurs chairman Daniel Levy is willing to countenance a deal this summer. Son, by comparison, has revealed that he has  . Kane's future is likely to be under the microscope for the remainder of the summer window,  .


Have Man Utd seen the last of Marcel Sabitzer? Transfer call made on Bayern Munich loanee

Manchester United have reportedly seen the last of Marcelo Sabitzer, with a permanent transfer considered to be unlikely.

The Austria international midfielder   as the Red Devils sought to find cover for the injured Christian Eriksen. Sabitzer added useful experience to Erik ten Hag’s ranks and took in 18 appearances across all competitions. Injury ruled Sabitzer out of United’s final five games of 2022-23, but he does now have a Carabao Cup winners’ medal to his name. The   claims that the Red Devils have no intention of bringing the 29-year-old back from Bayern Munich. Rather than explore a purchase option for Sabitzer, United are working on  .


Tom Cleverley sends message to Man Utd and Sir Alex Ferguson as Watford captain confirms retirement aged 33

Former Manchester United midfielder and Watford captain Tom Cleverley announced his retirement from professional football on Saturday.

The 33-year-old former English international took to Instagram to confirm the news where he thanked all his former teams: Leicester City, Wigan, Aston Villa and Everton. United, where he began his career, and Sir Alex Ferguson received a special mention in his emotional note. Special mentions must go to Manchester United, especially Paul McGuiness and Sir Alex Ferguson. The people and the club that gave me the foundations as a player and person and also the club that made my dreams come true. To come through the academy and represent the first team gives me immense pride," the ex-England international wrote.   Cleverly suffered an Achilles tendon injury at the beginning of the 2022/23 season before picking a knock on his thigh that limited his game time for the club to just four matches in the entire campaign. Earlier in March this year, Cleverley had revealed his plans to take up coaching after retirement as he wished to come back to Old Trafford in some capacity in the future.


From Cristiano Ronaldo to Lionel Messi? Ex-Man Utd star Jesse Lingard training at Inter Miami following D.C. United snub from Wayne Rooney

Jesse Lingard worked alongside Cristiano Ronaldo at Manchester United, and he is now training at Lionel Messi’s new club Inter Miami.

The England international playmaker has become a free agent this summer following his  . The enigmatic 30-year-old is mulling over what to do next and has  . While in the United States, Lingard has made the most of an opportunity to use the facilities at Inter Miami – the MLS franchise that is co-owned by United and Three Lions legend David Beckham. Lingard had been   – where former United team-mate Wayne Rooney is manager – but such a switch has been ruled out. Rooney has said: “The Jesse Lingard [rumour]? I don't know where that has come from. From my point of view we have no interest in signing him.” Lingard has also  , and has told   of those rumours: “I'm considering all options. I've never ruled out any team or club out, so for me it's just picking the right team and it's got to be right for me. I just want to play football at the end of the day and that's all I want to do. Obviously the project has got to be well suited for me, the team's got to be moving in the right direction but just regular game-time – I'm still hungry. Saudi Arabia are doing big things, and in the next couple of years or so, it will be one of the hotspots to go to. I'm not really surprised that the big names are moving out there.”


What happened to the USMNT players whose defeat to Trinidad & Tobago confirmed 2018 World Cup failure?

GOAL takes a look back at one of the darkest days in American soccer history and what became of those that were there for it.

It's been nearly six years since that day, that infamous day. Players, coaches, executives, everyone... many have come and gone. Still, all these years later, despite all the good that's happened, that day still matters to those who follow the U.S. men's national team. Trinidad & Tobago still means something. The U.S. has gone on to bigger and better things, of course, having buried the 2018 World Cup demons with their run to the 2022 tournament. A new group of rising stars has taken control of the team, ushering the U.S. into a new era, one brighter than any that preceded it. Still, as the U.S. prepares to face T&T in the Gold Cup on Sunday, there's still that little hint of something. A feeling, perhaps some kind of anger. This isn't a rivalry, not by a long shot, but there is something there. Because of that, the questions are inevitable: ahead of Sunday's match, do the current USMNT players feel that something? "It's largely a different group that was part of that game," midfielder Cristian Roldan said. "We've done a pretty good job to move past that. It's a new group and we have new goals, new objectives. I don't think it plays too much of a role in how we prepare for the game." Roldan is right. Of the USMNT players to start in Couva that fateful night, only one will be involved on Sunday. Just four have been involved at all in the past year or so. It really has been a changing of the guard. But what happened to the old guard after Couva?  takes a look back at the players that were there on that night and where they all ended up.


Out-of-favour Joao Cancelo among Man City stars pictured at Bernardo Silva's wedding as midfielder ties knot with model Ines Tomaz

Out-of-favour Manchester City star Joao Cancelo was in attendance for teammate Bernardo Silva's wedding.

Silva tied the knot with model and partner Ines Tomaz on Saturday and the ceremony was attended by some of his City teammates. Along with players like Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias and Riyad Mahrez, out-of-favour full-back Joao Cancelo was also in attendance. Cancelo left City on loan to Bayern Munich during the January transfer window after failing to make Pep Guardiola's starting lineup regularly. After an average outing with the German giants, with whom he won the Bundesliga title, Cancelo is now back in England. The Portuguese international   in the summer as he appears destined to play his club football outside England next season.


WATCH: Memphis Depay gets sharp with Brandon Marshall! Atletico Madrid forward posts video of intense training session with former NFL star

Memphis Depay underwent an intense training session as he looked sharp ahead of the new season with Atletico Madrid.

The Dutch international forward is currently in Ghana preparing himself for the upcoming 2023/24 season. He posted a video of an intense training session where he was joined by former American football player Brandon Marshall. Memphis joined Atletico from Barcelona in January this year on a two-and-a-half-year contract. He played in nine matches for Diego Simeone's side last season and scored four times. Atleti are set to visit South Korea for pre-season tour where   and a combined K-League XI. They are also scheduled to visit Mexico and USA where they will face Real Sociedad and Sevilla respectively.


'Hugging him made me 50% more athletic!' - Ryan Reynolds runs into Wrexham star Paul Mullin 'in the wild' as charming bromance continues

Ryan Reynolds has joked that hugging Paul Mullin “made me 50% more athletic”, with the Wrexham co-owner meeting the prolific striker “in the wild”.

The Deadpool actor is still revelling in the Dragons’  from 2022-23, with the National League title collected in style. Star frontman Mullin led that charge,  , and he has struck up quite the bromance with Reynolds and fellow co-chairman Rob McElhenney. The 28-year-old has been rubbing shoulders with Reynolds away from football, much to the delight of the Hollywood superstar. Reynolds has posted on social media alongside an image of himself meeting up with Mullin during the off-season: “Ran into Paul Mullin in the wild! Just hugging him made me fifth percent more athletic.” Mullin has seen his   following promotion into League Two and Wales boss Rob Page has said that he   if lofty standards can be maintained in the fourth tier of English football.


Liverpool complete £60m Dominik Szoboszlai transfer on a five-year contract as Reds' midfield revolution continues

Dominik Szoboszlai is a Liverpool player, with the Reds confirming that a £60 million ($76m) transfer has been completed.

 The 22-year-old attacking midfielder has reportedly signed a five-year contract at Anfield, with those terms set to keep him on Merseyside until the summer of 2028. Jurgen Klopp had made the   a top priority for the latest window, having previously been linked with Mason Mount, and has ticked that box in a big-money deal that saw Szoboszlai’s €70m release clause at RB Leipzig triggered.  😁     with the Hungary international at one stage, but their decision to pull out of the race for a much sought-after signature left the path clear for Liverpool. They have now landed a player that scored 10 goals for Leipzig last season through 48 appearances, and one that has earned 32 senior caps for his country. Szoboszlai expressed his delight in his first interview for Liverpool's  , saying: “It’s really, really good. I enjoyed the last [few] days and I’m looking forward to knowing everybody better. “The last three or four days went really long; it was not that easy. But at the end I’m here, I’m happy and I can’t wait to get started. [A] really historic club, really good players, good coach, everything is good. For me it was perfect to make the next step in a club like this. The fans, the stadium, everything is really good.”  Szoboszlai has taken on the No.8 shirt at Liverpool that has previously been worn by the likes of Steven Gerrard and Naby Keita, and will be hoping to make his competitive debut for the Reds when they open their 2023-24 Premier League campaign away at Chelsea on August 13.


Liverpool most expensive signings: How Reds splashed over £700m on 15 incoming transfers

From Mohamed Salah to Darwin Nunez, Andy Carroll to Virgil van Dijk, the Reds have spent some big money down the years

Though smartness in the transfer market is what has defined Liverpool’s rise to prominence under Jurgen Klopp, one of the undeniable facts of modern football is that you rarely get anywhere without spending money. The Reds, generally, have spent theirs well in recent years, bringing in a host of players who have gone to become global stars at Anfield. Their list of hits has grown each year, helping erase the memory of some high-profile, and big-money, flops under previous managers. Here,  takes a look at the top 15 most expensive signings in Liverpool history…


Jude Bellingham spotted on celebrity dating app after Real Madrid star splits from influencer Asantewa Chitty

Real Madrid new boy Jude Bellingham has been spotted on an A-list dating app after splitting from his rumoured influencer girlfriend Asantewa Chitty.

Bellingham might have only just completed  , but the midfield ace is already looking for love in the Spanish capital. The 20-year-old was said to be dating Instagram model Asantewa Chitty, but it appears he now has a profile on celebrity dating app Raya - as per  . The England star's profile reads: "Visiting London from Madrid." On the pitch Bellingham plays with a maturity well beyond his years, and he appears to take a similar approach in his personal life. The former Birmingham City sensation tends to keep his cards close to his chest when it comes to love interests, although it's widely believed that he had been dating Chitty since last year. Few details are known about Bellingham's split with the Instagram star. Real Madrid's new number five is clearly ready to reignite his love life, and has been l As the source said, Bellingham is unlikely to let his pursuit for love distract from his on-field duties. After enjoying three successful years at Borussia Dortmund, the most expensive English player in football history will be relishing his first game for Los Blancos at the Santiago Bernabeu.


Relief for Lionel Messi as Inter Miami finally snap seven-game MLS losing streak against Austin with new manager Tata Martino watching on

Ahead of Lionel Messi's arrival in the USA, Inter Miami finally ended their seven-match losing streak against Austin.

 Josef Martinez broke the deadlock before Nick Lima equalised for Austin as the two sides played out a 1-1 draw, ending the Herons' dire MLS run. The club's last win in the league came against New England on May 13.  was in attendance on Saturday as the club finally managed to register a point in the league. Tonight's final from     Despite their poor form this season, Inter Miami have been among the most talked about football teams in recent times due to the  . The World Cup winner became a free agent on July 1 and   on July 21 in a Leagues Cup game against Cruz Azul.  Inter Miami will be next seen in action against Columbus in an MLS clash on July 4.


Man Utd reject Jadon Sancho loan offer from Borussia Dortmund but will listen to bids of £45m

Manchester United have reportedly rejected an approach from Borussia Dortmund to take Jadon Sancho on loan.

The England international left the Bundesliga outfit for Old Trafford in the summer of 2021, with a £75 million ($95m) fee changing hands. He was considered to be one of the   at that time, but things have not played out as planned back in Manchester for the former City academy star. Sancho mustered just five goals in an injury-hit first season with the Red Devils, with that output only rising to seven last term as he was   and forced to train away from the rest of the first-team squad. While United have turned down a loan approach for Sancho, they are  . It is suggested that a bid of around £45m ($57m) would tempt them into parting ways with the 23-year-old forward.


All completed Premier League transfers in 2023-24 season - listed

GOAL rounds up all of the completed Premier League transfers ahead of the 2023-24 season so far

It's transfer time! The   is the richest league in the world with some of the world's most powerful teams. No other top-flight spends money quite like the Premier League - and it means it is always making football transfer news headlines for blockbuster star signings and lavish spending. Of course, the fact that some of the biggest and high-profile clubs in the world are from England helps. Across the Premier League, clubs will be looking to try and find those one or two (or even more) signings that can help them push to achieve their goals.  rounds up all of the completed Premier League transfers of summer 2023 so far, as well as, where possible, the fees that have been paid. Who will be the biggest movers in the transfer market?   .


All completed Bundesliga transfers in 2023-24 - listed

GOAL rounds up all of the completed Bundesliga transfers for the 2023-24 season

Football transfer windows are exciting periods during the sporting calendar every year, with fans drooling at the prospect of a new signing arriving at their club and making an impact. The summer transfer window is an opportunity for clubs to restart and build something new or add to their winning juggernaut. The   is a hotbed of talent and each season witnesses plenty of transfers, with high-potential youngsters arriving and seasoned pros heading off the new pastures. Reigning champions Bayern Munich are expected to strengthen their side with quality additions while the likes of Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig have players with star quality attract interest from everywhere.  rounds up all of the completed Bundesliga transfers this season so far.  


'Fraud' - Manchester United fan makes feature-length TWO-HOUR compilation video of David de Gea's fails

Social media once again revealed its crueller side, as one fan uploaded a feature-length video of David de Gea's Manchester United mistakes.

De Gea may have been voted Player of the Season in four of his 12 campaigns at Manchester United, but some fans seem to weigh the mistakes more heavily than the saves and clean sheets. A video entitled 'David De Gea: Fraud' with a run time of just under two hours was posted on Twitter on Saturday morning. The video clocked more than two million views in less time than it would take to view the entire film. Needless to say, it divided opinion online. David De Gea: Fraud  De Gea became a free agent after the club   on offer to him as part of a new contract. With his old deal expiring it seems less and less likely that the 32-year-old will return for a 13th season between the sticks at Old Trafford. A clean break may be the best option for   as United look to . The Red Devils seem to be preparing for a future without the Spaniard between the sticks, with Inter confirming that they have been contacted about Cameroonian stopper Andre Onana.


WATCH: Announcement incoming! Dominik Szoboszlai touches down in England ahead of securing transfer to Liverpool from RB Leipzig

Dominik Szoboszlai landed in England on Saturday ahead of completing a move from RB Leipzig to Liverpool.

Liverpool are all set to finalise their second signing of the summer as they  . The player has now arrived on Merseyside and an announcement from the Reds' end seems imminent. 🚨 EXCLUSIVE: Dominik Szoboszlai has landed in Liverpool. Welcome to Liverpool Dominik Szoboszlai.  After sealing a deal for Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton, the Reds are now on the verge of roping in another midfielder.   in all competitions where he scored ten goals and provided 13 assists. The Reds are likely to make at least one more midfield signing as they are in the race to sign Southampton's Romeo Lavia.


Where Tim Weah will play for Juventus - and what it means for the future of the USMNT

GOAL takes a look at how the American star could be used by the Serie A giants, with his $13m move to Turin now having been agreed upon

If you need any more evidence that Tim Weah needs to be a starter on the wing for the United States men's national team, just look at the Nations League. Forget about the World Cup goal even, another perfect example, and just look at these two most recent games. Weah's ability to get to the line and make defenders uncomfortable remains vital to the USMNT's style of play. He simply does that better than anyone else in this player pool. And that's what makes  . While he's a completely indispensable winger for the USMNT, Weah is joining a club that has rarely used wide players as pure wingers. Juventus, for years, haven't played with out-and-out wingers, instead leaning on wing-backs with a different set of skills. On the surface, that doesn't make much sense for Weah, does it? Moving to a club to play out of position? It seems like a weird one, for sure. But, in this case, it isn't. Weah's move to Juventus does make a lot of sense. The Italian giants are an obvious step up from Lille, even with the Bianconeri's recent issues, and the position that will be waiting for Weah is perhaps one perfectly designed to maximize his skillset. It's one he's familiar with and seemingly open to playing, even if it is a bit different than the one he'll play with the USMNT. It's a big move, for sure, for the player, for the club and for the national team, and it's of course one that comes with risks. But, for Weah, it seems like one that will put him in a good place to succeed.


Timothy Weah completes Serie A switch! Juventus confirm signing of USMNT star from French side Lille

Timothy Weah has followed in the footsteps of his legendary father, George, by moving to Serie A, with Juventus confirming his arrival from Lille.

 The 23-year-old has signed a contract through 2028 which will see him earn around €2 million (£1.6m/$2.2m) per season. Juventus paid Lille €12m (£10.3m/$13m) to secure his services, with Lille making a profit after paying €10m (£8.6m/$10.9m) while securing a ten per cent cut of a future resale. Weah arrives in Turin after spending the last four seasons at Lille, where he won Ligue 1 in 2020-21 having previously won two winners' medals with Paris Saint-Germain. Internationally, Weah has 31 caps and four goals for the U.S. men's national team, with the most famous goal coming in the World Cup opener against Wales.  The move to Juventus sees Weah take a step up the ladder, even if Juventus are a club currently experiencing a bit of turmoil. The Bianconeri were deducted points during this past season due to their violation of financial rules and, as a result, will play in the Europa Conference League next season. Weah   as the club loses long-time starter Juan Cuadrado. The USMNT star has previously played in the role for Lille,  The American will join up with Juventus for preseason, and the club will travel to the U.S. ahead of the Serie A campaign. They will face the likes of Barcelona, Milan and Real Madrid in what could be Weah's first appearances for the club.


England women's player ratings vs Portugal: Could Lauren James be the Lionesses' No.10? Chelsea star shines as Women's World Cup send-off finishes goalless

James' switch of positions was one of the bright sparks for Sarina Wiegman as the coach experimented with her selection on Saturday afternoon

England were held to a goalless draw by Portugal in their Women's World Cup send-off on Saturday afternoon. Coach Sarina Wiegman will have taken a lot from the game even if the final result proved frustrating for the Lionesses, who dominated and really should've grabbed the win. The Dutch coach opted to try out a few new things in her team's final game on home soil before flying to Australia, including an inexperienced centre-back partnership of Esme Morgan and Jess Carter which moved Alex Greenwood out to left-back. Rachel Daly got the nod up front after a stellar season for Aston Villa and she had two great early chances, one of them particularly well saved by Portugal goalkeeper Ines Pereira. The closest England came in the first half, though, was when Georgia Stanway hit the crossbar from close range after a corner caused problems in the box. After the break, the hosts ramped things up, with one half time sub, Chloe Kelly, denied by Pereira early on before another, Alessia Russo, saw three big chances go amiss. However, the breakthrough just would not come as the Lionesses signed off with an underwhelming draw.  rates England's players from Stadium MK...


Joao Cancelo to Arsenal is still on! Gunners considering move for Man City defender despite interest in Ajax full-back Jurrien Timber

Joao Cancelo is reportedly still registering on Arsenal’s recruitment radar, with another transfer raid on Manchester City being lined up.

The Gunners lured Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko away from the Etihad Stadium in 2022, with shrewd recruitment that summer allowing the north London outfit to become Premier League title challengers. Mikel Arteta’s ranks have been bolstered in the current window by a big-money deal for Kai Havertz. Arsenal are also closing in a club-record £105 million ($133m) deal for West Ham midfielder Declan Rice, but   claims that Cancelo is another that could be targeted. Arsenal have been   in the past and would welcome his ability to fill right or left-back berths. Cancelo joined City from Juventus in 2019 and has taken in 154 appearances for the Blues – becoming a three-time Premier League title winner in the process – but he appears to have no future in Manchester and is said to be  .


Revealed: Arsenal tempted Kai Havertz from Chelsea with huge contract offer to make him club's highest-paid player

Details of the huge contract that tempted Kai Havertz to leave Chelsea and join Arsenal have been revealed.

The German newspaper   report that the German arrives as the club's top earner at €20m (£17m/$22m) a year or €385,000 (£331,000/$420,500) a week with further bonuses available for helping the club to silverware. Thomas Partey was believed to be the previous highest-paid player on €12m (£10m/$13m) a year or €230,000 (£198,000/$250,000) per week. Havertz enters a pay grade that had been obsolete at the Emirates since the departures of Pierre-Emerick Aubemeyang and Mesut Ozil in the previous two seasons. After a few weeks off, Havertz will soon be meeting up with his new team-mates and jetting off on the club's  .


How the USMNT should line up vs Trinidad & Tobago in crucial Gold Cup clash: Brandon Vazquez over Jesus Ferreira up top

GOAL takes a look at how the U.S. could line up, including a difficult decision up top.

It's not often that you see a team on four points, fresh off a six-goal win, facing a must-win game. And yet here the U.S. men's national team is, knowing that their path to another Gold Cup trophy may just need another three points, and a few more goals, on Sunday evening. The U.S. heads into the match with Trinidad and Tobago with a chance to win their group. Win without Jamaica making up three goals in their all-but-assured clash with St. Kitts and Nevis and the U.S. is good. A draw, though, leaves the U.S. second in the group, most likely. A loss? Well, that would be another dark, dark day at the hands of the Soca Warriors as the USMNT would almost certainly crash out. Winning the group is vital. Whoever finishes top will be placed on the opposite side of the bracket from Mexico, a team that very much looks like the favorites. The second-place team, though, would get El Tri in the semis in what will almost certainly be a marquee match. Because of that, B.J. Callaghan can't quite mess around in this game. He can rotate, sure, and he can play some younger players against a T&T team that should be pretty overmatched. But the U.S. can't get complacent, especially knowing that goal difference could easily come into play. So, how does Callaghan handle it? How hard does he push for a top-of-the-group finish? And which players, ultimately, give the U.S. the best chance of achieving exactly that?   takes a look...


Serie A referee Marco Serra dismissed ahead of 2023-24 season after clash with Jose Mourinho

The referee at the centre of an acrimonious touchline spat with Jose Mourinho last season has been dismissed.

   report that Marco Serra's name will not appear on the list of referees approved for the upcoming season and that his exclusion is due to "justified technical reasons" but has also taken into account Serra's dispute with Mourinho and his subsequent attitude.  Mourinho and the official clashed during Roma's trip to Cremonese in February. The Portuguese coach became enraged that his side were not awarded a free kick and   who was on duty as the fourth official. Serra reportedly fired back with some choice words of his own, telling Mourinho to   It's a rare victory for the Special One, whose antics on the bench last season means he will serve both   after his three red cards in Serie A and his   in the Europa League final.


Alphonso Davies waiting on Real Madrid offer as he stalls on Bayern Munich contract renewal

Bayern Munich defender Alphonso Davies is stalling on renewing his Bayern Munich contract as he awaits an offer from Real Madrid.

Davies' contract expires in 2025 and he has yet to agree fresh terms with the Bundesliga champions. Per  , the Canada international is waiting for an offer from Real, who could look to sell Ferland Mendy this summer. Bayern have  , and Madrid could look to table an offer for Davies in this transfer window. Real are said to see the signing of Davies as achievable, but their current plan is to wait until next summer, when he has one year left on his deal, and his price will be less prohibitive. They could also attempt to wait until the expiration of the Canadian's contract and attempt to sign him on a free in 2025. Davies is likely to play a role in Bayern's pre-season; they will jet off to Japan to play Manchester City, Kawasaki Frontale, and Liverpool.


Cesc Fabregas retires! Ex-Arsenal and Chelsea star brings curtain down on glittering career

Cesc Fabregas has announced his retirement from football as he prepares to move into coaching.

 Fabregas, 36, has announced that he is bringing the curtain down on a glittering career and will move into coaching with Como, the Serie B club he played for last season. He will move onto coaching their B and youth teams, per the  .  Fabregas enjoyed a hugely successful playing career, winning the FA Cup with Arsenal after becoming their youngest-ever player, and he went on to win La Liga, the Copa del Rey, and the Club World Cup at Barcelona, as well as the FA Cup and two Premier League titles with Chelsea. He also won both the World Cup and the European Championship with Spain.  Announcing his retirement, Fabregas said: “It is with great sadness that the time has come for me to hang up my playing boots. “From my first days at Barca, Arsenal, Barca again, Chelsea, Monaco and Como, I will treasure them all.  “From lifting the World Cup, the Euros, to winning everything in England and Spain and nearly all the European trophies, it has been a journey that I’ll never forget. “All those who have helped me, my team-mates, coaches, directors, presidents, owners, fans and my agent. To all my family, from my parents and my sister to my wife and kids, I cherish your advice, mentorship and guidance. To my opponents who tried to knock me, thank you for making me stronger.  “It has already been more than worth it with all the great memories and friends that I have made on the way.  I’ve also learnt 3 languages and became more compassionate and wiser along my travels. I lived experiences that I never thought in a million years I would even come close to.” Fabregas will hope to earn his stripes at Como before potentially making the move into management down the line.


Man Utd make approach for Feyenoord's Justin Bijlow as Red Devils eye alternatives to expensive Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana

Manchester United have contacted Feyenoord to enquire about goalkeeper Justin Bijlow as a potential alternative signing to Inter's Andre Onana.

United are considering alternatives to Onana, with Bijlow and Eintracht Frankfurt's Kevin Trapp both being looked at, per the  . The Red Devils have already made contact regarding the Feyenoord shot stopper,  reports. Financial Far Play restrictions have impacted United's budget and, as a result, they do not believe they will be able to afford Inter's £60 million ($76m) asking price. Feyenoord would demand £20m ($25m) for Bijlow, a much more affordable fee for United to reach, while Trapp would cost half that figure. Bijlow is 25 and has won eight caps for Netherlands, while making a total of 119 appearances for the Dutch club. United will hope to clarify De Gea's future, and are then likely to make a decision over a new goalkeeper.


Will he find Declan Rice's replacement? West Ham appoint Tim Steidten as technical director ahead of midfielder's Arsenal transfer

West Ham have appointed Tim Steidten as their new technical director, and he is likely to be tasked with helping them find Declan Rice's replacement.

 Steidten moves to the club from Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen, and the Hammers have hailed his approach to "data-led scouting". He will work alongside David Moyes and sporting director Mark Noble, and the first order of business is likely to be sourcing Rice's replacement as he  , although the two clubs have  .  West Ham have yet to add to their squad this summer but are likely to do so once Rice leaves and they receive a large influx of cash. One player they have been linked with is  , but he is a winger, and a defensive midfielder to replace the England international will be required. Steidten comes in having helped Leverkusen establish themselves as a fixture of the top six in the Bundesliga, and may be aiming to do the same in east London with the Europa Conference League winners.  Steidten said to the club's  : " West Ham will likely formalise the sale of Rice soon, so they can begin strengthening in other areas.


Chelsea knock back Liverpool enquiry for Levi Colwill as Blues insist he is not for sale

Chelsea have rejected an enquiry from Liverpool for defender Levi Colwill as they insist he is not for sale.

The Reds and Manchester City are both said to have made enquiries into Colwill's availability, per  , although Chelsea are insistent that he will not leave the club this summer. Having thrived on loan at Brighton,   once he returns from the Under-21 European Championship, where he is representing England, and the club view him as a key member of their squad. Liverpool have actually made two enquiries for Colwill, with their most recent coming in recent weeks, but they have both been knocked back. Brighton would also like to sign the 20-year-old after he made 22 appearances for them last season. Colwill has a contract that runs until 2025 and it includes an extension option for another year once he hits a certain number of appearances for the club. Chelsea have already   this summer and appear reluctant to lose another central defender. Colwill will continue to represent England at the European Championships; they play Portugal in their quarter-final on Sunday.


PSG and Man City in battle to sign Lyon youngster Bradley Barcola

Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are set to compete for Olympique Lyon forward Bradley Barcola's signature.

According to reports in   PSG are eyeing a move for the 20-year-old breakout forward. Barcola caught the eye of clubs across the world with his performances in the second half of the season.  The Lyon academy product has been followed by the Parisian club for a while and reportedly has the approval of the manager to be Luis Enrique. The French champions like the versatility of the youngster to play across the front line. Lyon will start their preseason preparations against Manchester United on July 19.


Dominik Szoboszlai undergoes Liverpool medical as £60m transfer from RB Leipzig nears

Dominik Szoboszlai has undergone his Liverpool medical as he nears a £60m ($76m) move from RB Leipzig.

Liverpool are set to complete their first signing of the summer, as Szoboszlai has undergone his medical at Anfield, and is now set to sign a five-year contract,   reports. The club have  , and the deal is now set to be announced imminently.  for the attacking midfielder earlier this summer but pulled out, as they focus on a deal to sign AC Milan midfielder Sandro Tonali. That has left the Reds with a clear path to sign the Hungary international. Szoboszlai will hope to have the deal completed so he can join Liverpool in pre-season; they kick off their friendlies against Karlsruher in Germany on July 19.


'My wife let me' - Toni Kroos reveals why he signed new Real Madrid deal but explains how he will make retirement decision

Toni Kroos has explained that his wife "let him" sign his new contract at Real Madrid. 

 Kroos has  , continuing a glittering association with the club with whom he has won the Champions League on four occasions, and La Liga three times. The Germany international has now explained that his wife played a huge role in convincing him to continue his association with Los Merengues. "My wife let me. So I was allowed to continue for another year," Kroos said to  . Asked about the possibility of retiring after his new deal expires, he added: "There are one or two negative examples of people simply not being able to leave football, when you are no longer the player that people have in mind. I don't want that to happen to me. I have the feeling that this season has gone as well as the last nine in Madrid. Why wouldn't the next one go just as well? I still enjoy football and I'm hungry for titles." Kroos admits that he is unsure of what the future holds beyond the expiration of this contract, saying that he has yet to make a  . He has been with Real since 2014 and has made a total of 417 appearances for the club. Kroos will be involved in pre-season as Real prepare to travel to the United States for fixtures against AC Milan, Manchester United, Barcelona and Juventus.


Mason Greenwood to Roma? Jose Mourinho reaches out to Man Utd winger to discuss loan move

Jose Mourinho has reached out to Manchester United's Mason Greenwood to discuss a potential loan move to Roma, it has been reported.

Greenwood remains suspended by United amid an internal investigation after charges of attempted rape, engaging in controlling and coercive behaviour and assault  . The 21-year-old's future remains uncertain as United coach Erik ten Hag is reported to be against the club selling him, meaning he could be sent out on loan. Roma have emerged as a possible destination for the England international, as   reports Mourinho has been in touch to sound him out about making a temporary switch. The Portuguese coach is said to have made direct contact with the player's father, while fellow Serie A sides AC Milan, Inter and Juventus are also reported to be interested. It was Mourinho who plucked Greenwood from the youth academy and brought him on the Red Devils' pre-season tour of the United States in 2018 and he went on to sign his first professional contract that year. However, it was under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer the following March that Greenwood would make his competitive debut for the club. Greenwood is said to have  , as he   away from Carrington, in a bid to keep himself fit ahead of a possible return. Reports in Italy have claimed that United would be happy to  , and it remains to be seen if they will be receptive to Mourinho's approach.


Emile Smith Rowe showing Arsenal they didn't need to spend £65m on Kai Havertz with England U21s form

Why did the Gunners spend a huge chunk of their summer transfer budget on a Chelsea flop when they already have a homegrown hero in the same role?

 Arsenal laughed off the £25 million ($30m) bid - and it was easy to understand why. The Gunners had absolutely no intention of selling one of the most exciting players to come out of their academy in years - and certainly not for such a derisory fee. The club had big plans for the versatile attacking midfielder, as they almost immediately underlined by giving him a new contract - and the No.10 jersey that had been vacated by Mesut Ozil earlier in the year. It may have been just a shirt change but it felt like a very symbolic moment, a clear signal of a shift in the club's player recruitment policy, moving away from the costly obsession with star names that had marred the final years of Ivan Gazidis' tenure as chief executive towards a more sensible approach to squad-building that focused on young talent.


Cristiano Ronaldo reunion? David de Gea wanted by Al-Nassr on £250k-a-week deal amid Man Utd contract confusion

Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea is reportedly being lined up for a reunion with Cristiano Ronaldo at Al-Nassr.

The Spain international shot-stopper is now   at Old Trafford. No extension has been agreed despite fresh terms being mooted for some time and the 32-year-old signing off on a reduced salary at one stage. United have since   to De Gea, while  , with a new contract in Manchester said to remain his preferred option following 12 years in English football.   is, however, reporting that interest is being shown from the Middle East. De Gea spent close to   following the Portuguese forward’s stunning return to United in 2021. United would like to keep the experienced custodian – having seen him land the Premier League Golden Glove last season – but there are now several options for the Spaniard to mull over.


Ilkay Gundogan, Carlos Tevez & why some foreign footballers hate living in Manchester - causing transfer headaches for Man Utd & Man City

Sometimes the biggest obstacle to convincing players to sign for Manchester City or Manchester United - and to stay there - is the place itself

Dani Alves was all set to join Manchester City in the summer of 2017. He was excited about linking up again with Pep Guardiola, with whom he had conquered the world at Barcelona, and had even just had lunch with the Catalan coach to begin planning for the coming season at the Etihad Stadium. The Brazilian had also convinced Juventus to end his contract early so that the reunion could happen. Everything was set up. But then, to City's shock and Guardiola's fury, Alves pulled out of the move and signed for Paris Saint-Germain instead. The reason? Alves' then wife, Joana Sanz, did not want to live in Manchester. For some reason, the Spanish model, who Alves had just married   preferred the City of Love over the home of Oasis and The Smiths.  it still lags behind Madrid, Barcelona, Milan and Paris when it comes to attractive locations for footballers to live in. And  Angel Di Maria, Carlos Tevez and Nolito have been the most vocal in their criticism of Manchester while a desire for a change of scenery and a move to warmer climes is believed to be the main reason why  . It is also a big factor in Bernardo Silva departing City this summer. With the transfer window in full swing and many changes on the horizon for both Manchester clubs,   takes a look at why some foreign players did not enjoy living in the city and highlights the notable few ones who fondly remember their time there.


All completed Serie A transfers so far in 2023-24 - listed

GOAL rounds up all of the completed Serie A transfers this season so far

Transfers windows are among of the most exciting periods of the football calendar every year, with fans salivating at the prospect of a new signing joining their team. Some have argued that football has spiralled out of control in recent years when it comes to crazy transfer fees paid for talent, but that hasn't stopped supporters from getting excited about any potential new arrivals.  While Serie A has been conservative in terms of big spending, with the usual suspects taking a back seat lately, it has seen more than a few interesting arrivals and departures in recent times, and this year will be no different. lists every single completed Serie A transfers this season so far, as well as, where possible, the fees that have been paid.


‘Started crying at work’ – How Inter Miami fans reacted to news of Lionel Messi transfer for MLS outfit

News of Lionel Messi’s move to America left some Inter Miami fans emotional, with one admitting to “crying at work” when the deal was announced.

 The seven-time Ballon d’Or winner is   after reaching the end of his contract at Paris Saint-Germain. The Barcelona legend will be moving to MLS as a free agent, as he links up with the franchise co-owned by Manchester United legend David Beckham. Few in Florida could believe that such a coup was possible when the  , with tears being shed ahead of the Argentine’s arrival in the United States. Inter Miami fan Cintia McCann, an Argentine native, has told the   of her reaction: “I started crying at work. One of my co-workers got the newsflash and he came and told me and I was like ‘WHAT’, and started crying. I had to step away and recoup.” Another ardent follower, Christian Triay, added: “I was pretty shocked, even though all of the rumours were going around saying that he was potentially coming. It’s something that you don’t believe until it happens so when it happened, I couldn’t believe it all.” Messi is  , with his MLS bow coming a month later against Charlotte FC. Tickets for those fixtures, which are due to be staged at DRV PNK Stadium, are now selling for upwards of $1,000 dollars – but those snapping up said entry passes consider that to be money well spent. Triay said: “I think it’s worth it. Luckily for me, I’ve been a season ticket holder since 2021 so I won’t get too affected, maybe next year. But everyone wants to see the greatest player ever, so I’m not really surprised.” McCann went on to say: “It’s worth it because he’s not going to just change soccer. This team is going to do so much better for soccer [and] all across North America. It’s already a passion in Argentina and South American countries, and now they’re going to bring that here.” Messi is not the only star attraction preparing to join up with the , who have   as their new head coach, with another   following the expiration of his contract at Camp Nou.


Is Yunus Musah heading to the Premier League? Fulham interested in signing USMNT star & are confident of keeping Antonee Robinson away from Man City

Fulham are interested in signing USMNT midfield star Yunus Musah who is also wanted by Serie A giants AC Milan.

 with an official offer of €17 million (£14.6m/$18.6m) for the midfielder, but Fulham are hoping to land him in the summer and are planning to place a bid of €20 million,(£17.2m/$21.8m), according to  . The 20-year-old spent seven years at Arsenal's youth system before heading to Spain to join Valencia. He has since made over 100 appearances for the club and has 27 international caps under his belt. Marco Silva, who led the club to a 10th-place finish in the Premier League last season, would hope that the club can manage to seal the deal for Musah as the Cottagers look to cement their status as a mid-table club. 


Saudi Pro League transfers 2023: Karim Benzema, N'Golo Kante and the superstars set to join Cristiano Ronaldo this summer

The Saudi Pro League has been on a spending spree this summer, with a host of top names set to join Cristiano Ronaldo in the competition

There's  , with the riches of the Saudi Pro League dramatically transforming the footballing landscape over the past few months. Not  , Saudi chiefs have dramatically stepped up their attempts to convince some of the world's best players to follow CR7's example. Karim Benzema was the first big name to make the move,   after shocking the globe by revealing that he would be leaving Real Madrid at the end of his contract. This was just the beginning, though. Since Benzema made his switch official, there has scarcely been a high-profile player in Europe that hasn't been linked with a move to Saudi Arabia. It's set to be a crazy summer, but don't worry,  is here to keep you informed of all the latest developments as the Saudi Pro League sets out to flex its muscles in the transfer market...


Who will be the first Wrexham signing funded by Ryan Reynolds & Rob McElhenney this summer after ‘element of truth’ admission from Phil Parkinson?

Wrexham are expected to be busy in the summer transfer window, with Phil Parkinson admitting that there is an “element of truth” to some rumours.

 Dragons   continue to   for marquee additions at SToK Racecourse, with more money being raised from important commercial deals. Wrexham were being   at one stage, and have  , but they are yet to welcome any fresh faces through the doors.  Parkinson has said when asked about recruitment plans: “We get linked with a lot of players. Some have got an element of truth in, some haven’t got any at all. We are working hard behind the scenes to add quality and we are looking at several options but like I have stressed before, we won’t be making signings just for the sake of it, and just to say we have completed a signing. We don’t need to do that, and we are going into pre-season with a good squad already.” Wrexham are said to be   and St Mirren striker Curtis Main, with Parkinson adding on efforts to get bodies on board: “A couple of players we want, we have spoken to the clubs where they are under contract. Those deals are obviously not straightforward. But we are well prepared to wait for the players we feel can make a difference. If not, we are more than happy with the squad we have got.” Wrexham will return to pre-season training next week, ahead of a summer tour to the United States, and are looking to piece together a squad that can build on their   back to the Football League – with their 2023-24 campaign set to   on August 5.


Mateo Kovacic undergoes Man City medical ahead of completing £25m move from Chelsea

Mateo Kovacic is undergoing his medical at Manchester City ahead of completing his £25m move from Chelsea.

According to  the Croatian is already undergoing a medical ahead of completing his move to Manchester City. Pep Guardiola's side have agreed to pay   and an extra £5m in add-ons. It has been reported that the add-ons will be activated if City meet their silverware targets. The midfielder was heading into the final year of his Chelsea contract, and the Blues have opted to cash in on the Croatia international after spending over £600m in the 2022-23 season. The treble winners initiated talks with Kovacic in the last week of May and have already agreed to personal terms. The Blues are looking to completely overhaul their midfield and have already parted ways with Jorginho who joined Arsenal in January. N'Golo Kante has sealed a  Manchester City are expected to announce Kovacic has signed for the club shortly, and the midfielder will then get to know his new team-mates ahead of the new campaign.


Bayern Munich sign Raphael Guerreiro on free transfer after Borussia Dortmund exit

Bayern Munich completed the signing of full-back Raphael Guerreiro from Borussia Dortmund on a free transfer on Friday.

 The 29-year-old defender has ended a seven-year-long relationship with Borussia Dortmund and decided to join the Bundesliga champions on a three-year deal. A   read: FC Bayern have completed the signing of Raphaël Guerreiro. The Portugal international moves to the German record champions on a free transfer after leaving Borussia Dortmund. The versatile 29-year-old, who normally occupies the left flank, has put pen to paper on a contract until 30 June 2026." Welcome to FC Bayern, Rapha! 😁👍    The Portuguese defender is set to reunite with Thomas Tuchel in Munich after six years. He had spent the 2016-17 season under the German coach's tutelage at Dortmund.  After signing for Bayern, Guerreiro said, "When the call came from FC Bayern, I made my decision fast. It’s an honour for me to be able to play for this great club, and I also regard Thomas Tuchel highly from our time together at Dortmund. I’m a player who always wants the ball – it’s about controlling the game and I want to create chances. I’ll give my all so that we win as many titles as possible. That’s the philosophy of FC Bayern."  The German giants are expected to add more players this summer.   and   have both been linked with a move to the Allianz Arena.


Bayern consider shock move for out-of-favour Man City midfielder Kalvin Phillips as alternative to Declan Rice

Bayern Munich are reportedly considering a shock move for Manchester City's Kalvin Phillips as a potential alternative to Declan Rice.

According to  City midfielder Phillips has emerged as an unexpected target for Bayern Munich. Phillips, who joined City from Leeds for £42 million last summer, faces uncertainty over his future at the Etihad Stadium after a frustrating campaign. Despite City's successful treble-winning season,  , both of which occurred after the title had been secured. The German club share a strong relationship with Phillips' agency, CAA Stellar which could help facilitate the move. Moreover,  , and if they beat Arsenal in the race, then Phillips' potential departure could became a serious option. The midfielder, who scored his first goal for England this week during their victory over North Macedonia, is eager for more playing time next season in a bid to secure his place in the national team. Meanwhile, West Ham have also   moving to Manchester City. As the England international looks to continue his development and secure regular playing time, he may view a move to Bayern as an enticing option, should it materialise. However, he will face competition from Konrad Laimer who joined the Bundesliga champions on a free transfer from RB Leipzig.  If Bayern can secure the services of Phillips, it would provide them with an alternative midfield option after they missed out on Rice. Whereas, for Manchester City, the potential departure of Phillips could hinge on whether they land Rice. Although the   for the midfielder, it has been reported that  as he wants to stay in London with his family and is also an admirer of Mikel Arteta.


Neymar airs Santos ‘dream’ amid questions of PSG future & hits back at critics of his lifestyle

Neymar has admitted that it remains his “dream” to return to Santos at some stage, with questions being asked of his future at Paris Saint-Germain.

 A return to his roots does not appear to be on the cards for the 31-year-old forward just yet, with more speculation to be found regarding a potential   or a summer  . The Brazil international is, however, making no secret of the fact that he   for him before the day comes for professional boots to be hung up for the last time. Neymar has told  : “The life of a footballer is very dynamic. Sometimes you are in one place and then it changes. Obviously I dream of playing again in Brazil, I dream of playing again for Santos. I hope that it can happen one day. day. Football is full of surprises.” Neymar continues to make plenty of  , as he operates under the brightest of spotlights, but he has fired back at those who remain quick to criticise his lifestyle. He added: “I never run away from any accusation. Rather the opposite. I always hit my chest and say 'you can charge me'. I know my talent, I know what I can do. Football is not individual. If it was individual I would have already achieved all my goals, but it is not. Obviously the load is very high because of my name. Both on the field and outside. Sometimes I don't agree with a lot of criticism because it's my personal life and I do what I want. On the pitch, you can speak freely.” Neymar has not taken in a competitive appearance since February 19, as he   that required surgery, and it remains to be seen whether he will be adding to the 173 appearances and 118 goals that have been registered across six years in France.


One in, one out at Arsenal? Kai Havertz transfer talk has Eddie Nketiah questioning Gunners future

Talk of Arsenal bringing in Kai Havertz from Chelsea has reportedly led to Eddie Nketiah questioning if he has a future at Emirates Stadium.

The Gunners are, having competed for the Premier League title in 2022-23 and  , eager to add greater quality and depth to their squad this summer. Germany international forward Havertz is  , with the talented 24-year-old being lined up for a move from west to north London. His arrival would add more firepower to Arsenal’s ranks, with Mikel Arteta looking to find competition for and an  . While Nketiah is asking questions of his own future, it is claimed that Arsenal have no plans to move him on just yet – with it important for them to have numerous options to cover every position on the field as elite European competition is added to their schedule for 2023-24.


Liverpool in negotiations to send Fabio Carvalho out on season-long loan to RB Leipzig

Liverpool are in talks with RB Leipzig over a loan move for Fabio Carvalho as the 20-year-old midfielder seeks more playing time away from Anfield.

According to  , Carvalho, who  , is open to joining the Bundesliga side for the 2023-24 season. Leipzig had previously made a permanent offer of around £10 million for the player, which Liverpool rejected, emphasizing their intention to keep the midfielder they acquired from Fulham for £7.7 million a year ago. However, they remain open to a Several Premier League clubs have shown interest in Carvalho, but RB Leipzig is currently the front-runner in securing his services on loan. Carvalho made 21 appearances for Liverpool in the 2022-23 season but   with his last start coming in January. Liverpool recognizes Carvalho's desire for more game time and believes that a loan move would be the best option for his development. Carvalho's temporary departure is seen as an opportunity for him to gain valuable experience and potentially return to Liverpool as a more developed player. Leipzig have a track record of nurturing and developing young talents, making the move an exciting prospect for all parties involved. Liverpool and RB Leipzig are actively working to finalize the loan deal for Fabio Carvalho, with discussions ongoing. Once the details are ironed out, Carvalho is expected to join Leipzig on loan for the 2023-24 season. The Premier League outfit retain a long-term view of Carvalho's future and hopes he will return to Anfield ready to contribute significantly to the team.


Amad Diallo transfer ‘preference’ revealed amid fresh Man Utd loan talk

Amad Diallo has reportedly stated his “preference” amid talk of Manchester United potentially sanctioning another loan move this summer.

The highly-rated 20-year-old forward enjoyed a memorable campaign at Sunderland in 2022-23, with his return of 13 goals and three assists helping the Black Cats into the Championship play-offs. He is now returning to Old Trafford to spend the start of pre-season with his parent club. Amad is hoping to convince Erik ten Hag of his worth, with there still a desire on his part to   with United, but   for his ongoing development. United signed Amad in an initial £19 million ($24m) deal in 2021 and have him tied to a contract through to 2025 – with his limited outings for the Red Devils to date seeing him register one goal and an assist through nine competitive appearances.


'Inter have the ball in their court' - Romelu Lukaku's lawyer offers update on Chelsea striker's future

Romelu Lukaku's lawyer has opened up about his client's future and revealed that he won't join AC Milan.

 The Belgian international spent last season on loan at Inter from Chelsea but is set to return to London this summer. Lukaku remains keen to stay in Europe, but if Inter want to re-sign the striker they will have to place a strong bid for him.  The player's lawyer told  , "No talks ongoing with AC Milan. Romelu wants to stay in Europe; confirmed this by not joining Saudi now. Chelsea position: interested clubs have to present a firm offer. Inter have the ball in their court." Lukaku appeared in 37 matches for Inter this season where he scored 14 goals and provided seven assists. He was   in the summer but his agent has clarified that such a move will not materialise. The 30-year-old will ideally prefer a permanent move away from Stamford Bridge but it remains to be seen where he will play his football next season.


Kylian Mbappe & Neymar staying put? PSG duo feature prominently in away kit reveal despite transfer talk

Kylian Mbappe and Neymar figure prominently in the reveal of Paris Saint-Germain’s away kit for 2023-24, but is that a nod towards their futures?

France international Mbappe is generating plenty of exit speculation at Parc des Princes after revealing that he will not be triggering an extension clause in his contract. The World Cup winner will see his current deal expire in 2024, meaning that PSG face a big decision when it comes to a possible summer sale. There has also been   in the current transfer window, with questions being asked of whether he remains a useful long-term option for the Ligue 1 champions. Both men have, however, figured prominently in the promotional material released alongside PSG’s new white change strip for next season. 🆕⬜️✨ Discover our new   𝐀𝐰𝐚𝐲 jersey for the 23/24 season launched on the occasion of the first   WE RUN PARIS – 10KM race 👕 A bold white shirt with a colourful band that revisits the traditional colours of the Club ❤️💙   Mbappe is said to be   again, with the Blancos prepared to spend big – potentially parting with   in the process – in order to acquire the services of a 24-year-old forward that has already become the all-time leading goalscorer at PSG. Neymar, meanwhile, has seen   – alongside a potential return to Barcelona or a switch to Saudi Arabia – and the 31-year-old has a big call to make on his future with there still two years left on run on his contract in Paris.


Seven goals in nine! How new adidas boots helped Liverpool star Diogo Jota to get his mojo back

Digo Jota admits that a change of boots helped him to bring a year-long goal drought to a close, with the Liverpool forward ending 2022-23 in style.

 The Portugal international had to wait until April 17 before opening his account last season, with said effort coming   for the Reds. The floodgates opened for Jota once he was back in the groove, with the  . The 26-year-old insists that he is not the superstitious type, but agrees that a new pair of adidas X Speedportal boots appear to have made a difference. Jota has told   of getting his mojo back while donning fresh footwear: “I never scored with the previous boots and it’s a psychological thing if you’re a striker – ‘maybe it’s the boots I need to change’. Then you score and everything feels fine. They’re just tools, but when you look at them, they give you different feelings.”  Jota added when asked if he has any specific routines and rituals that he likes to complete before games: “I try not to, because it gives you a lot of work to have everything always the same. Then, if one of those things doesn’t happen for whatever reason, you’re already 1-0 down. But if the boots feel nice and you’re scoring... I remember Karim Benzema wearing the same ones – it’s hard to argue when you’re scoring.” Jota opened his account for 2022-23 when bagging a brace against Leeds, before netting another double in a home date with Nottingham Forest. He was also on target in a dramatic win over Tottenham and a 4-4 draw with Southampton – with the hope being that he can  .


Inside Cristiano Ronaldo's lavish $18m car collection - From Bugattis to McLaren Senna and more

The richest footballer on the planet owns a fleet of luxury cars....

Being the richest footballer in the world, it is quite natural that Cristiano Ronaldo owns a fleet of luxury cars, an integral part of his lavish lifestyle.  The Portugal star is arguably the best paid player in the world following his move to Al Nassr and his   is around $500 million (football contracts, endorsement deals and business investments)  Ronaldo is a proud owner of more than 20 luxurious cars, so l Three of the most expensive cars in Ronaldo’s garage are undoubtedly the Bugatti trio - Bugatti Centodieci, Bugatti Chiron and Bugatti Veyron. The Bugatti Centodieci is the most expensive one which cost Ronaldo $9.9m followed by the Chiron which is priced at $2.15m and then Veyron which is valued at $1.7m. Ronaldo also owns this million-dollar car named after legendary Formula One driver Ayrton Senna. One of the classiest cars in the world, Ronaldo owns two Rolls-Royce cars, A Rolls-Royce Phantom worth $400,000 and a Rolls-Royce Cullinan worth $900,000. Even though Ronaldo lost the bidding war against his rival Lionel Messi for the Ferrari 335 S Spider Scaglietti, the Portuguese owns three other Ferrari models whose combined net worth is close to million dollars. He owns a Ferrari 599 GTO ($385,000), a Ferrari 599 GTB Fiorano ($310,000) and a Ferrari F430 ($300,000). One of the most expensive cars in Ronaldo's garage is the Lamborghini Aventador LP 700-4 which is priced at $318,000. Ronaldo owns two Bentley cars namely Bentley Continental GT worth $220,000. In 2021, he bought a Bentley Flying Spur for $313,601. This British beauty finds her place in Cristiano Ronaldo's garage which he bought for $200,000. The Portuguese bought this car in 2011 while he was playing for Real Madrid in Spain. Ronaldo owns just one BMW M6 model which is worth 109,400. Being a connoisseur of cars, it is quite natural that Ronaldo owns a Mercedes car. In fact, he owns three of them. A Mercedes G-Class ($130,900), Mercedes-Benz C220 CDI ($70,650) and a Mercedes-Benz C-Class Sports Coupe worth $47,850. The 37-year-old star is an owner of three Porsche cars, a Porsche Cayenne which costs approximately $77,500, a Porsche 911 Carrera 2S Cabriolet which is worth $129,900 and a Porsche Cayenne Turbo which costs around $130,000. Audi has been a long-time partner of Ronaldo's former club Real Madrid and thus as a part of the deal, Ronaldo owns two Audi cars Audi Q7 and Audi RS6 which are priced at approximately $55,800 and $116,500 respectively.


USMNT's Tyler Adams targeted by Aston Villa after Leeds relegated from Premier League

Aston Villa reportedly eye United States midfielder Tyler Adams for a potential transfer after Leeds United's relegation.

According to the 24-year-old has been on Villa's radar for some time and is considered one of their key targets as manager Unai Emery aims to rebuild the squad during the summer transfer window. Adams had an impressive season with Leeds, being one of their standout performers despite the team's disappointing campaign. However, he missed the final two months of the campaign due to a hamstring injury and is eager to make a return in pre-season. While Villa are keen to secure Adams' services, Leeds want him to stay and have planned discussions regarding his future. Nevertheless, with Leeds' relegation to the Championship and their ongoing managerial situation, retaining the midfielder may prove a challenge. It has been reported that the American international does have a   in his contract which could see him leave Elland Road. In addition to Aston Villa, several other clubs have shown interest in signing Adams including   The USMNT international joined Leeds United from RB Leipzig last summer for a reported fee of £20 million. Villa are aiming to bolster their squad for the upcoming Premier League and Europa Conference League campaigns, and Adams is among their potential options.


Man Utd ready to make Mason Greenwood future call regardless of outcome in long-running takeover saga

A decision on Mason Greenwood’s future at Manchester United is not tied to the club’s long-running takeover saga, according to reports.

The Red Devils are yet to determine whether or not the 21-year-old forward will be  . He has been  , but those sessions are taking place away from Carrington. Greenwood was suspended by United in the wake of physical and sexual abuse allegations being made against the ex-England international. Those  , but an internal investigation at Old Trafford remains ongoing.  reports that a final ruling on Greenwood will be made in the wake of a “strategic review” regardless of how takeover talks progress in Manchester. United are still waiting to discover who will be calling shots from the boardroom heading forward, with the Glazer family delaying a process that has seen  . The Premier League outfit need to know   for reinforcements in the summer transfer window, allowing them to identify which positions are prioritised. Greenwood will not impact those plans when it comes to players that can operate in the final third of the field, with a decision on his future set to be made soon. The forward has not figured for United since January 2022, but he remains under contract on full pay and was   at the end of the 2022-23 campaign.


How the USMNT should line up against Jamaica in their Gold Cup opener: Jesus Ferreira up top, Alejandro Zendejas out wide

GOAL breaks down how B.J. Callaghan should look to break down the Reggae Boyz with his under-strength roster

With the United States men's national team's Nations League squad, you had a general idea of what a starting XI would look like. There were several players in that group that are locked in starters. Christian Pulisic is the left winger, Antonee Robinson is the left-back, and so on and so forth. This Gold Cup squad, though, is a bit more interesting. Interim coach B.J. Callaghan has a wild mix of veterans, hopefuls and rising stars in his squad as the USMNT looks to defend the crown they won in 2021. Their first game may very well be their toughest, as the U.S. opens their title defense with a match against Jamaica. The Reggae Boyz feature plenty of Premier League talent, headlined by West Ham striker Michail Antonio, making them a legitimate candidate to win the whole thing. So how does Callaghan set the USMNT up for what will be a fairly grueling tournament run? Does he throw young stars right into the fire, knowing that the second two games are very winnable, or does he lean on veterans to ensure the U.S. starts the tournament on the right foot? GOAL breaks down a potential USMNT lineup that Callaghan could go with against the Reggae Boyz:


Chelsea reach full agreement to sign Nicolas Jackson from Villarreal in deal worth over €35m

Chelsea have reached an agreement with Villarreal to sign their star striker Nicolas Jackson for over over €35m. 

The Blues will pay a little over the player's release clause which is €35m (£30m/$38m) and will complete the payment in installments. Chelsea have agreed personal terms with Jackson and a medical will be scheduled soon according to  . With Jackson now set to head to Stamford Bridge, Kai Havertz's departure from the club is imminent with the German international strongly linked with a move to  . With Christopher Nkunku and Nicolas Jackson being the new additions to the squad this season, the Blues will now look to sell some players.   while  .


Will Toni Kroos retire in 2024? World Cup winner addresses future after signing new Real Madrid contract

Toni Kroos has signed a new one-year contract at Real Madrid, but the German midfielder is yet to decide whether he will be retiring in 2024.

 The World Cup winner has  . There was talk of boots being hung up at the end of the 2022-23 campaign, but the 33-year-old has  . He is reluctant to speculate on what the long-term future could hold for him, with the plan being to carry on enjoying the present. Kroos told his   podcast when asked if he will be bowing out next year: “Right now I don’t want to commit to anything. Don’t know. Perhaps there will be a much earlier, clearer decision… or not. Why close off either option now? There is no reason, at least not now. We’ll see how the year starts, how everything goes. Then I will ask myself the same questions as this year.” Kroos kept Real waiting before agreeing an extension in the Spanish capital, with the former Bayern Munich star praising the Liga giants for handling his situation so well. He added on the reasons for putting pen to paper: “Because I feel like it’s the right thing to do. In fact, I would like to congratulate the club on the way they have handled this whole matter. I think it has once again been a course of events absolutely worthy of this connection of mine to the club, on both sides. I played my role saying from the beginning and always very clearly: ‘I’m not leaving here anymore. I’m not sure if I want to play another year or not, but I’m not leaving here’. Of course, the club has to take into account two important things: in theory, I could have signed elsewhere at any time from the first of January. One is that the club, theoretically, could have put pressure on me earlier. And the second is that, when the new year begins, you have to plan to some extent for the next season in terms of personnel. Here we don’t need big negotiations or haggling, I wasn’t going to get another club involved through my agent. But at no time did they exert pressure to find out earlier.” Kroos took in another 52 appearances for Real last season, taking him beyond 400 in total, but he will face   in 2023-24 as the Blancos have just  .


Another exit? Cesar Azpilicueta in discussions to leave Chelsea amid interest from Inter

Cesar Azpilicueta is reportedly holding talks regarding a Chelsea exit amid interest from Inter. 

According to Inter are eyeing a move for Azpilicueta to bolster their defence. The 33-year-old has one year remaining on his contract at Stamford Bridge, but is said to be working on terminating his deal to seek a new challenge. Inter's pursuit of Azpilicueta comes as they seek to find a replacement for   on a free transfer. With the need for a defender of similar stature, capability and experience,   for the Champions League finalists. Azpilicueta's agents are working on freeing him early from his Chelsea contract, which is set to expire at the end of 2024. The negotiations between the involved parties will likely determine whether he ends up at Inter or Bayern Munich.


WATCH: Cristiano Ronaldo’s bodyguard! Man City defender Ruben Dias grabs pitch invader trying to get at Portuguese superstar during goal celebration

Ruben Dias acted as Cristiano Ronaldo’s bodyguard during Portugal’s latest outing, with a pitch invader being collared by the no-nonsense defender.

The Portuguese were in Euro 2024 qualifying action against Iceland on Tuesday, with five-time Ballon d’Or winner Ronaldo   on the  . The all-time great struck in the 89th minute, with his effort eventually given following a VAR review, and one supporter tried to get in on the action as he raced onto the field. Manchester City centre-half Dias was having none of it and grabbed the invading fan before he could get anywhere near the celebrating Ronaldo. Ruben Dias - The new bodyguard of Cristiano Ronaldo.    The supporter in question was quickly taken away by a steward, with Ronaldo – who is   – allowed to bask in the glory of a   in a record-breaking international career. Ronaldo said of reaching a double-century on the cap front: "For me it's an unbelievable achievement, it's amazing. And, of course to score the winning goal, it's even more special.” The 38-year-old, who plays his club football in Saudi Arabia for Al-Nassr, is now   after bringing an eventful 2022-23 campaign to a close.


Done deal! Newcastle to sign Sandro Tonali from AC Milan on six-year deal in record deal worth €70m

AC Milan's Sandro Tonali is on his way to join Newcastle United in the summer for a record deal of €70m.

The Magpies have agreed on a deal with AC Milan to sign their midfielder Sandro Tonali on a six-year deal according to  . The report further adds that Tonali will be earning a salary of €7m per year until 2029 and €2m in add-ons. The deal is a record sale for an Italian player. The Magpies have been chasing the Italian for a long time now and had initially placed a bid of €50m (£43m/$55m) which was not entertained by the Italian giants. They later increased their offer which tempted Milan to sell the 23-year-old. Newcastle may now aim to make some signings in the attack with Bayern Munich's   to the Premier League.


Christian Pulisic hits out at ‘crazy’ criticism of USMNT coach Gregg Berhalter

United States men's national team star Christian Pulisic has hit out at "crazy" criticism of new manager Gregg Berhalter. 

Pulisic has come to Berhalter's defence amid some criticism of the USMNT returning to the well by reappointing the manager. He was the subject of an investigation from the United States Soccer Federation after he admitted to a domestic violence incident that occurred in 1991 with his now-wife Rosalind. The subsequent investigation  , however. Berhalter also clashed with Giovanni Reyna at the 2022 World Cup as he accidentally revealed publicly he had nearly been forced to send a player home; journalists subsequently identified Reyna as the player in question, and his  . Pulisic told  :  Berhalter will lead the squad into the 2026 World Cup on home soil, having guided the USMNT out of their group at the 2022 tournament in Qatar. The USMNT are next in action on Sunday when they kick off their Gold Cup campaign against Jamaica; they will also play Saint Kitts & Nevis and Trinidad & Tobago in their group.


'Magic on the field' - Nani on being inspired by Ronaldinho, Lionel Messi's MLS arrival, his future and the upcoming Beautiful Game

GOAL sat down with the Portuguese star to discuss a variety of topics as he returns to Orlando this weekend.

Even after all he's been through, all the success and trophies, Nani is still feeling a little bit star struck. A cornerstone of a Manchester United dynasty with Champions League, Premier League and European Championship trophies to his name, there are still moments that make him feel like a kid falling in love with the game for the first time. This weekend is one of those moments. The Portuguese star is back in Orlando at his old stadium for the second iteration of  , a superstar clash of legends and current stars. This year's game will, of course, include Nani, who will play alongside legends like Ronaldo, Roberto Carlos, Cafu and Rivaldo, as well as Vinicius Jr, Joao Felix, Eder Militao, Willian and Lucas Moura. It's a who's who of superstars, with Nani having earned his place among them. Still, there's one player that the former Manchester United winger is most looking forward to playing with most, one that has inspired him throughout his career. That man, alongside Roberto Carlos, will be hosting the event and whose name will be on the marquee: the legendary Ronaldinho. Ahead of the match,  caught up with Nani to discuss how Ronaldinho inspired him, the upcoming Beautiful Game, his expectations for Lionel Messi in MLS and what's next in his career after becoming a free agent.


USMNT's 2023 Gold Cup roster: Who's in & who's out?

Reigning champions, the U.S. are one of the favourites for the title. But who is on their Gold Cup roster?

This summer, the U.S. men's national team will hope to win their second consecutive CONCACAF Gold Cup title, while also joining Mexico as the team with the most success in the competition (8). However, the squad chosen for this year's Gold Cup is relatively young and inexperience, with many notable names such as Christian Pulisic, Folarin Balogun, Gio Reyna, Sergino Dest and Weston McKennie set to miss out on the action. Despite only five members making it from the side which won the CONCACAF Nations League recently, this team is still packed with talent, and there will be high expectations on head coach B.J. Callaghan to get the U.S. another Gold Cup success. So, who has Callahan trusted to deliver on the big stage and handle the pressure that comes with playing for the USMNT?  breaks down Callahan's 23-player Gold Cup squad...


'It's their way of doing things' - Lionel Messi breaks silence on being booed by PSG fans after leaving club for Inter Miami

Lionel Messi has broken his silence on the boos he received from Paris Saint-Germain fans, insisting that there was a "rift" with supporters.

 Messi was heckled by sections of the PSG support after returning from a two-week suspension for visiting Saudi Arabia, leading to both   and   to leap to the World Cup winner's defence. He has insisted that there was a section of fans who simply could not get on board with him, although he has pointed to the fact that both Kylian Mbappe and Neymar have received similar treatment, with the   in the 2022/23 season. Messi told  : "At first it was great, I received a lot of encouragement as I've often said, but then people started to treat me differently, some of the Paris fans. The majority, on the other hand, treated me as well as they did at the start. There was a rift with a large section of the Paris crowd. Of course it wasn't my intention. But these are things that have already happened with Mbappé and Neymar too, it's their way of doing things. But I still remember all those people who supported me, as they did at the start." Messi could not help PSG achieve their ultimate goal, as they were unable to win the Champions League during his time with the club, although he did lift two Ligue 1 titles prior to the expiration of his contract. Messi is poised to move to Miami and is set to make his  next month.


Should Man Utd keep pushing hard to sign Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount or abandon transfer pursuit & go for someone else?

Manchester United are readying a third bid for Mason Mount as they continue their pursuit of their No.1 target - but should they now look elsewhere?

 just aren't letting go as they attempt to sign  . Having had two bids knocked back by Chelsea,  , in the hope of finally getting their man. But as the fee continues to rise,  ? Or is Mount exactly the midfielder that Erik ten Hag needs to help get his side challenging for the title in the 2023-24 campaign? Let us know what you think in the comments below! 👇


What’s your #1 favourite stadium to be an away fan in and why?

We all have a ground we love to go to other than our own - what's yours?

Whether it's a spine-tingling walk up to the ground with all the atmosphere and build-up, the hefty banter with opposition fans inside or even just the quality of 'scran' on offer, we all have stadium we love to visit as an away fan. Even the fiercest of rivals can acknowledge - albeit begrudgingly - when a place is perfect for watching football.  👇


United States to host expanded 32-team Club World Cup in 2025 featuring likes of Chelsea, Real Madrid & Man City, FIFA confirms

The United States will host an expanded 32-team version of the Club World Cup, FIFA has confirmed.

   that the next iteration of the Club World Cup will take place in the USA and will feature an expanded 32-team field. The tournament has previously been contested by seven teams - the winners of the six continental competitions and the national champions of the hosts - but it has now been hugely expanded.  Per  , the 2025 edition of the tournament will feature 12 European teams in total, including the winners of the Champions League from 2021 to 2024, meaning Chelsea, Real Madrid, and Manchester City will all be involved. Eight more European clubs will be added via their own rankings.  Gianni Infantino, president of FIFA, said:  The Club World Cup will return in December and will take place in Saudi Arabia.


Gareth Bale is in his happy place! Ex-Real Madrid star confirmed for BMW PGA Championship Celebrity Pro-Am golf event

Gareth Bale has joined the BMW PGA Championship Celebrity Pro-Am lineup scheduled to be played in September alongside Tom Holland and Ben Stokes.

Former Real Madrid winger, Bale, was  confirmed as the latest addition to the star-studded lineup on Friday. He toasted the news by posting a short message on social media.  ICYMI: 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿   is coming to the   Pro-Am later this summer! 😱   The multiple-time European champion is a well-known fan of the sport and has been   following his  . The former Wales international will join previously-announced England cricket stars James Anderson and Stuart Broad in the field that will take on the West Course ahead of the fourth Rolex Series event of the 2023 season. The former Tottenham Hotspur star will be seen in golfing action on September 13 alongside some big names.


Man Utd aren't giving up on Mason Mount! Red Devils return with third bid for Chelsea star worth up to £55m

Manchester United have tabled a third bid for Chelsea star Mason Mount as they attempt to finally secure his signature.

 reports that United's new bid is worth up to £55 million ($69.8m), although it remains to be seen if the Blues will be willing to accept such an offer. They have reportedly   ($77m) to sell Mount, but this offer is worth £50m ($63.4m) plus £5m ($6.3m) in add-ons. United are attempting to force Chelsea's hand as they are acutely aware of Mount's contract situation. His current deal expires at the end of the season and the Blues run the risk of him leaving for nothing if they are unwilling to do a deal with the Red Devils.  Chelsea are attempting to trim their squad this summer and are in talks to sell a clutch of players;  ,   and  . United will hope to get the deal to sign Mount over the line as they bid to strengthen their squad this summer.


Juventus join €40m battle to sign Arsenal midfielder Thomas Partey amid strong interest from Saudi Arabia

Juventus have reportedly enquired about Arsenal midfielder Thomas Partey amid interest from Saudi Arabian sides.

 Partey is attracting interest from Serie A side Juventus and several teams in the Saudi Pro League, reports  . He claims the Saudi clubs are prepared to pay £35 million ($45m) in three installments but the 30-year-old has agreed to nothing yet. The Italian outfit may, however, only move for the midfielder, who has two years left on his contract, if Adrien Rabiot does not sign a new deal. The Ghana international played a key role in the Gunners' push to win the Premier League, which ultimately ended in a second-place finish. However, reports suggest he could be sold as the north London side try to sign Declan Rice from West Ham and Jorginho was used on occasion at Partey's expense at the tail end of the campaign. Partey, who signed from Atletico Madrid in 2020, is enjoying a break after a lengthy season. If he is still with Arsenal next month, he will be involved in their pre-season campaign.


USMNT No. 1 Matt Turner: Gabriel Slonina ready to learn from and compete with World Cup veterans

U.S. men's national team No. 1 Matt Turner says he's ready to mentor Gabriel Slonina, although he doesn't think the youngster needs too much guidance.

 The Chelsea teenager is the youngest member of the USMNT's Gold Cup squad, where he joins World Cup veterans Turner and Sean Johnson. Slonina made his USMNT debut earlier this year and was recently the star for the U.S. during their run to the U-20 World Cup quarterfinals. Slonina is seen by many as a future goalkeeping star and the potential USMNT No. 1 of the future. Turner, though, is the starter now, and he says he's enjoying the opportunity to both mentor and compete with the young shot-stopper. "Gaga is a great goalkeeper," Turner said. "He's extremely talented and, for me, I don't really need to teach him too much. I think he's got a really good head on his shoulders. He's a true professional. He's always really eager and willing to learn and have a conversation about things and that's really refreshing for a goalkeeper like myself, to be able to sort of bring him along in an experience like this. "But I know in his mind, he's not here to just be brought along. He wants to be playing and I think he's a super competitive guy. If I know anything about him, he wants to be on the field just as much as I do, so it's a healthy respect between us. Obviously, he's got things to learn, but he also keeps me on the top of my game and wanting to perform at my highest level." Turner is one of just a handful of holdouts from the Nations League squad which topped Canada to win a trophy on Sunday night in Las Vegas. It's a short turnaround for Turner and co., as they now join up with a very different group for the Gold Cup as the U.S. looks to seal another two-trophy summer. Turner, though, doesn't see it as two different groups necessarily, but rather one big national team pool looking to lift the USMNT as a whole. "It's just one group," he said. "Between last camp in this camp, it's all one team, it's all one pool and I think the messaging is very clear: when there's a trophy on the line, we expect to compete for it and we know our fans expect us to compete and put our best foot forward. "Last weekend, we took care of business and we got a trophy, and now it's time to completely shift gears and win another one. We were able to do that in 2021 and we know how great that was for our federation and for our player pool. It gave a lot of guys opportunities that wouldn't have presented themselves otherwise. We're looking for the same and I know a lot of guys are really eager to represent the country." The U.S. will begin their Gold Cup campaign on Saturday with a match against Jamaica in Chicago.


Chelsea complete £65m takeover of French side Strasbourg as multi-club project begins

Chelsea's owners have agreed to buy a majority stake in French side Strasbourg in a reported £65 million ($83m) takeover.

 Todd Boehly and Co. have agreed to take a majority stake in the  private equity firm Clearlake Capital in May 2022, has secured a Strasbourg President It's an important day for Racing. It's a reflection that my shareholder friends and I have been carrying out for two years. We have built a healthy club at all levels and [it is] well managed. Even if there was no financial emergency, we were aware that we had reached the ceiling of our model, and that if we wanted to continue to advance Racing and project it into a new dimension, we necessarily had to be accompanied by a solid structure capable of supporting our development and our ambition. I, therefore, look forward to welcoming a new strategic investor, with whom we will accelerate the club's ambition to build the Racing of tomorrow." BlueCo, the Chelsea ownership group, added: “It is an honour for us to be part of this historic club. We are committed to preserving the legacy of Racing and to working closely with Marc [Keller] and his management team to continue the excellent work they have done. This strategic investment would strengthen our presence in European football, alongside our stake in Chelsea. We believe it would create huge opportunities for sharing knowledge and expertise." Boehly has been keen to build a multi-club model, similar to that of Manchester City, for many months. The City Football Group owns 13 clubs around the world, allowing young players to go out on loan and develop, and Chelsea are eager to do this, too. Boehly has previously spoken about  The Chelsea owner is reportedly   and more teams could be incorporated into the Stamford Bridge outfit's grand plans.


'I wish Cindy Parlow Cone told people to kiss her ass!' - Alexi Lalas slams those unhappy with U.S. Soccer transparency after Gregg Berhalter hire

Former United States international Alexi Lalas has hit back at detractors criticising the decision to bring back men's national coach Gregg Berhalter.

 USMNT coach Berhalter's contract was allowed to expire after the World Cup in December. A return to the role looked slim after admitting to a  has been widely criticised by fans but former US international Alexi Lalas has defended the move. The 96-time capped US international said on Alexi Lalas' State of the Union Podcast: "People are going to be angry because it's not their guy. It's not the person that they wanted and they don't like Gregg Berhalter. So it doesn't matter how thorough the process was or that they used resources that historically have not been used. "It doesn't matter that they were transparent. When I say transparent, that does not mean you are entitled to know every single person that they talked to. That you are entitled to know who turned the job down or who is not one of the final candidates. That does not happen. "If those men and women want to speak about it, that is up to them, but that is not how the world works. That is not something you should be privy to and everybody seems to think they should know absolutely everything that is going on. "And yet when the United States Soccer Federation comes out and lays it all out, more so than we have ever seen in the past because they know they are going to get yelled at - it is still not good enough. "There is a part of me that wants the United States Soccer Federation President, Cindy Parlow Cone... had she just walked out after Greg Berhalter had finished in the World Cup and just said, 'I had a couple drinks in the bar, this is who is coaching and kiss my ass' for the way it would have blown people's minds." Berhalter led USA to a last 16 finish at the World Cup in Qatar, after holding England to a goalless draw in the group stage. The 49-year-old has a winning percentage of 71.7, which puts him among the nation's best-ever coaches.  The US return to action when they have a triple-header in the CONCACAF Gold Cup against Jamaica on June 25, Saint Kitts and Nevis on June 29, and Trinidad and Tobago on July 3.


Vitor Roque: Why Barcelona are spending €35m on Brazil's 'new Ronaldo'

The 18-year-old is close to finalising a move to Camp Nou as the Blaugrana prepare to welcome one of world football's top teenage talents

Every year, a wealth of top teenage Brazilian talents move to Europe, and they come in a similar mould. Usually immensely skillful, quick, and promising, all of them are swiftly boxed into a comparison with a Brazil legend. A lot of them prove to be inaccurate, not least because very few players reach the heights of Neymar, Ronaldinho, or Ronaldo — some of the most common associations. But the latest one perhaps has a bit more of a likeness to a legend than some of those before him. Indeed, Vitor Roque,  , shares a past freakishly similar to that of Ronaldo, and certainly evokes memories of R9. Like Ronaldo, Vitor burst onto the scene at Cruzeiro as a teenager and netted his first goal as a 16-year-old. The traits are familiar here, too. Roque is very direct, but can still bust out his own array of Cruyff turns, stepovers and sharp cuts — all while having the core strength to shield the ball. But he cannot actually   Ronaldo, so who is Vitor Roque, and why are Barcelona ecstatic to have beaten some of Europe's best teams to his signature?


Explained: Why Declan Rice would prefer to move to Arsenal this summer than treble-winners Man City

Declan Rice reportedly remains keen to join Arsenal over Manchester City despite late efforts from the treble-winners to hijack the deal.

 Arsenal saw their  for the England international. Their offer of £60m - plus £15m in add-ons - was deemed too low, while their second bid - a club-record £75m plus £15m in add-ons - was also turned down as West Ham. The Hammers are keen to  and with fewer instalments. Indeed, they remain firm on their stance that anything under £100m including add-ons is non-negotiable. Sensing an opportunity,   as they are looking for a replacement for Ilkay Gundogan,  .  According to  despite the lure of playing under a master tactician in Pep Guardiola, Rice is keen to move to Arsenal. The midfielder spoke with the City manager and is well aware of the plans that he has for him, but City have plenty of options in midfield, with  . Rice feels that he would be a regular starter at Arsenal and would prefer to stay in London rather than shift base to Manchester. He also became a father last year and wants to remain close to his family. The England midfielder is an admirer of Mikel Arteta's style and philosophy and will have no problem agreeing personal terms with the Gunners. There is little doubt that if Arsenal manage to sign Rice, he will be the club's record signing. They are also keen to get   to further strengthen their midfield, while Chelsea's  .  It has been suggested that Arsenal have already submitted their third bid for Rice, but the reports have been denied. The latest updates regarding Rice's preference to move to the Gunners will have encouraged the north Londoners, who will surely return with another offer in the coming days.


PSG star Neymar facing $1m fine after construction halted on Brazilian mansion due to environmental violations

Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar faces the threat of a $1 million fine after seeing construction of his Brazilian mansion brought to a halt.

 The residence in question, which was acquired in 2016 is said to sit on a 2.5 acre plot that includes a spa and helipad, is located in the coastal town of Mangaratiba that sits to the south of Rio de Janeiro. Neymar is looking to build a lavish home   in the region, but several environmental violations regarding the use and movement of fresh water sources, stones and rocks – with a waterway being diverted and beach sand being moved without a permit - have led to work being shut down. Having been alerted by complaints on social media, the local mayor’s office has said in a statement: “The next step will be to make an assessment of the irregularities found and issue a fine which, according to estimates and in view of the environmental damage caused, will not be less than five million reais [about $1 million].” The Brazil international’s father, Neymar da Silva Santos, was on site during the inspections and was caught on camera arguing with officials. He was threatened with arrest, but was ultimately not detained. ➡ Pai de Neymar recebe voz de prisão durante fiscalização em mansão A secretária Shayenne Barreto do município de Mangaratiba teria sido desacatada pelo pai de Neymar e lhe deu voz de prisão Leia:    Neymar has been out of action since February, as he recovers from surgery on his right ankle, and questions are being asked of his future at PSG as the 31-year-old is   or summer transfer to the Premier League.


New Mason Greenwood images show Man Utd forward training alone as Red Devils mull over his future

Mason Greenwood is training again, but not with Manchester United.

The 21-year-old has been seen going through his paces at a public sports centre while working with a private coach.  has spotted the former England international on a training pitch away from United’s Carrington base, with no Red Devils apparel on show. Greenwood   as they complete an internal investigation. BREAKING: Mason Greenwood pictured training for the first time since his arrest! [Sun]  He was charged with attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault occasioning actual bodily harm in 2022. Those  , but Greenwood has not been absorbed back into the United squad. He was   at the end of the 2022-23 campaign and remains under contract. Greenwood has not played for United since featuring in a 1-0 victory over West Ham in January 2022. There has been talk of  , but United are still mulling over a decision on his future.


Could Jurgen Klopp leave Liverpool for Germany job? Agent of Reds boss responds to rumours of replacing Hansi Flick

Jurgen Klopp’s agent has responded to the rumours suggesting that the Liverpool boss could be lined up to take charge of Germany.

 Die Mannschaft currently have a proven operator at their helm, with former Bayern Munich boss Hansi Flick calling the shots. Positive progress is, however, proving difficult to establish on the back of group stage exits from the last two World Cups and a last-16 defeat to England at Euro 2020. Germany have   to see serious questions asked of how long Flick will remain at the helm and  . On the rumours linking Klopp with a prominent international post in his homeland, Mark Kosicke has told  : "Jurgen has a long-term contract with the LFC and the DFB has a national coach, so it's not an issue for us." Klopp   in April 2022 that is due to keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2026.  Klopp has been in charge of Liverpool since October 2015, taking in 433 games as manager of the Reds. He has led them to Premier League, Champions League, UEFA Super Cup, FIFA Club World Cup, FA Cup and Carabao Cup glory, but could only deliver a fifth-place finish in 2022-23 as the Merseyside outfit missed out on qualification for elite European competition.


10 moments that convinced Man Utd to hand Marcus Rashford a bumper new contract

The England striker is set to become United's top earner after enjoying the best season of his life just one year after his future was in doubt

, and after the season he has just had, no one could begrudge him that status. The striker has staged an unbelievable individual comeback compared to where he was just a year ago, when his future at the club where he has spent his entire career was in serious doubt. Rashford had fallen out of favour with interim manager Ralf Rangnick and had spent most of the season on the bench. He finished a dismal campaign for both him and his club with a measly five goals in all competitions. What a difference 12 months make. Rashford enjoyed the best season of his seven-year career in 2022-23, scoring 30 goals in all competitions. He fired United to a third-place finish in the Premier League, securing a swift return to the Champions League, and led them to win the Carabao Cup, while also reaching the FA Cup final and the quarter-finals of the Europa League. As so as United prepare to celebrate agreeing a long-term contract with their favourite son,  takes a look at the key moments that convinced the club to give Rashford the new deal and make him their best-paid player:


How many goals has Kylian Mbappe scored for France? Les Bleus star's full World Cup, Euro and international friendly record

The Frenchman has been banging in the goals for his country ever since opening his account in 2017

Kylian Mbappe is arguably one of the greatest footballers in modern-day football in terms of goalscoring. Possessing tremendous pace and trickery on the ball, the Paris Saint-Germain star is well on his way to becoming one of France's greatest ever players. For the national team, Mbappe scored his first goal back in 2017 against the Netherlands and then at the age of 19, he became the second-youngest player behind Pele to score in a World Cup final when he netted in the 65th minute against Croatia to win the coveted trophy in 2018. Just how many strikes does the Frenchman have to his name, though, and in which competitions did he find the net the most often? Competition Games Goals World Cup 14 12 Euro 4 0 World Cup qualification 12 6 Euro qualification 9 7 UEFA Nations League 15 7 International friendlies 16 8 Edition Games Goals 2018 World Cup 7 4 2022 World Cup 7 8 Edition Games Goals Euro 2020 4 0 Edition Goals 2018 World Cup qualifiers 1 2022 World Cup qualifiers 5 6 Games Goals 16 8 Match Goals Competition Date France 8-0 Kazakhstan 4 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifier November 13, 2021 Team Goals Kazakhstan 4 Netherlands 2 Croatia 2 Russia 2 Czech Republic 2 South Africa 2 *Data accurate as of June 20


How many goals has Jonathan David scored for Canada? Les Rouges star's full international goalscoring record

The Lille striker has been a standout performer for Canada in international games

Jonathan David is touted to be one of the greatest Canadian footballers to have played at the top level. Born in the United States to Haitian parents, David chose to play for the Canada national team after declining a call-up to the United States under-20 team. He made his first senior appearance for them in September 2018, scoring a brace on debut against US Virgin Islands. Since then, he has gone on to become the second-highest goalscorer for Canada. But, how many goals has the Lille star scored for his country and against whom did he perform the best? Let's have a look at the striker's international record! Edition Games Goals 2022 World Cup qualifiers 18 9 Edition Games Goals Gold Cup 2019 4 6 Team Goals Cuba 4 Suriname 3 U.S. Virgin Islands 2 Martinique 2 El Salvador 2 *Data accurate as of September 27


Saudi snub! Arsenal midfielder Thomas Partey agrees personal terms with Juventus ahead of £17m move

Thomas Partey is set to reject offers from Saudi Arabia as he agrees to join Juventus in a £17m move.

According to  the Arsenal midfielder has agreed to a potential transfer to Juventus, snubbing offers from Saudi Arabia, and his representatives have already reached a consensus with the Serie A club regarding personal terms.   in signing the Ghanaian international two years ago but were unable to proceed due to the Gunners' high asking price at the time. However, a transfer now appears on the cards as  to avoid losing him for free when his contract expires in June 2024. Juventus believe that a fee in the range of €18-20 million (£15-17 million) could secure Partey, who is highly regarded by manager Massimiliano Allegri. Partey's versatility as a defensive midfielder makes him a valuable asset, capable of fitting into different tactical systems, including a two or three-man midfield. Allegri envisions Partey's presence should enable Paul Pogba to play in a more advanced role, facilitating more effective link-up play with the Juventus attack. Partey has been offered a three-year contract by Juventus and is keen to remain in Europe rather than heading to Saudi Arabia. He is also thought to want to experience a new challenge in Italy, after playing football in England and Spain. Partey's move to Juventus will not only provide him with a new challenge but also offer an opportunity for Juventus to strengthen their squad. Meanwhile, Arsenal are keen to generate funds to aid moves for  and Kai Havertz.


How many goals has Raul Jimenez scored for Mexico? El Tri star's full World Cup, Gold Cup, Copa America and international friendly record

The Wolves striker has been a great asset for Mexico at international level

Raul Jimenez has been a key part of Mexico's national team setup since 2013. The striker scored his first international goal against Canada in December that year and has since then become a mainstay for El Tri. Jimenez fractured his skull in late November 2020 in a rather scary moment in his career, but he returned to Mexico duty in October 2021 after regaining his fitness ahead of the World Cup in Qatar. How many goals has the Wolves star scored for his national team, though? And against which teams has he scored the most? Let's have a look at the striker's international record. Competition Games Goals World Cup 6 0 Copa America 6 2 World Cup qualification 26 7 Gold Cup 11 7 Confederations Cup 7 1 CONCACAF Nations League A 3 2 International friendlies 42 11 CONCACAF Cup 1 0 Edition Games Goals 2014 World Cup 1 0 2018 World Cup 2 0 Edition Games Goals Gold Cup 2013 5 2 Gold Cup 2019 6 5 Edition Games Goals Copa America 2015 3 2 Copa America Centenario 2016 3 0 Edition Goals 2014 World Cup qualifiers 2 2018 World Cup qualifiers 2 2022 World Cup qualifiers 3 Games Goals 42 11 Team Goals Panama 4 El Salvador 3 Belarus 2 New Zealand 2 Costa Rica 2 Cuba 2 Chile 2 *Data accurate as of November 27


Rangers 2023-24 kit: New home, away and third jerseys, release dates & prices

Everything you need to know about the new Gers kits for 2023-24

The Rangers already unveiled their 2023-24 home kit in early June, with little change visible as Castore stick to a tried-and-tested formula. The Rangers 2023-24 away kit was then unveiled on  , a fresh take on the popular red, white, and blue. 💙 Revolution Ready. The Rangers Home Kit. Shop Now ⤵️


How many goals has Romelu Lukaku scored for Belgium? The Red Devils star's full World Cup, Euro and international friendly record

The Inter striker is the highest goalscorer for his country as he continues to lead the line for Belgium

Romelu Lukaku is the greatest goalscorer Belgium have ever had. The striker made his national team debut in 2010 against Croatia and his first international goals came as part of a brace against Russia in a friendly that very same year. Since then, Lukaku has consistently been among the goals for his country as their golden generation has - unsuccessfully - chased silverware. How many goals has the Inter star scored for Belgium, though, and in which competitions did he net the most often? Let's have a look at the prolific attacker's record at international level. Competition Games Goals World Cup 12 5 Euros 10 6 World Cup qualification 16 18 Euros qualification 19 13 UEFA Nations League 9 10 International friendlies 42 23 Edition Games Goals 2014 World Cup 4 1 2018 World Cup 6 4 2022 World Cup 2 0 Edition Games Goals Euro 2016 5 2 Euro 2020 5 4 Edition Goals 2014 World Cup qualifiers 2 2018 World Cup qualifiers 11 2022 World Cup qualifiers 5 Games Goals 42 23 Team Goals Russia 5 Scotland 4 Estonia 4 Russia 4 Iceland 4 Gibraltar 3 Luxembourg 3 Croatia 3 Republic of Ireland 2 Cyprus 2 Mexico 2 Costa Rica 2 Panama 2 Tunisia 2 Switzerland 2 San Marino 2 Denmark 2 Greece 2 *Data accurate as of September 23


Barcelona told to pay €50m for Vitor Roque with Athletico Paranaense keen to keep Brazilian wonderkid until 2024

Athletico Paranaense have set a price for their star forward Vitor Roque amid interest form Barcelona in the summer.

The Brazilian club has asked for a fixed fee of €35  million (R$183.05 million) plus €15 million in variables and also want to retain his services at least until December 2023,  can confirm. With this fee for the local Brazilian clubs, there are possibilities that the youngster might ply his trade for six more months in Brazil and then complete his transfer to Barcelona in January next year. For teams abroad, Paranaens have set ticket prices close to €60m. Barcelona president Joan Laporta is supposed to meet Athletico Paranaense's director of football, Deco and will then submit a formal bid with the Brazilian club to sign the 18-year-old star. The Catalan giants are currently on holiday after a strenuous season that saw them win La Liga. They are set to regroup next month before   where they face clubs like Juventus, Arsenal, Real Madrid and AC Milan.


'It was clear I won’t be playing for England again'- Former Lionesses captain Steph Houghton opens up on 2023 Women's World Cup snub

Ex-England captain Steph Houghton believes it's 'clear' she won't play for the Lionesses again after not making their 2023 Women's World Cup squad.

 Houghton was England captain for eight years until an Achilles injury  . The Arsenal defender would keep it from there on out, with Houghton not making the cut for last summer's Euros despite battling hard to be fit in time. Wiegman described her as being "in a very good place" but "just not ready to compete". Fast forward 12 months and the Manchester City defender was hoping to put that disappointment behind her by getting into the 2023 Women's World Cup squad, having shown strong form since January.   increased her chances but   and now she has opened up on the snub, believing she will not represent England again. "I was disappointed because of how much effort I’d put into doing the things I was asked to do which was to get back into the City team, to play well and to play well against the best players," Houghton told  . "I spoke to the manager. She said firstly I need to get back into the team because I’d had a long period of time out. "I fought my way back. The next thing was to play well and to keep your shirt. From January on, I’ve started every single game bar one. I feel as though I was in form, fit and ready to go. But sometimes it happens that you have a manager that doesn’t see you as part of their plans. "The conversation [that I hadn't make the squad] was very vague to be honest," she added. "I think that’s what’s hard to take. I felt as though I could have brought something to the squad. I knew what the role would be - I wouldn’t be starting matches but I would have supported the girls one million per cent. I’m team first. But it’s the manager’s decision. I didn’t argue but I did say, 'I’ve done everything you’ve asked [me] to do'. "At that moment, I think I was done with the whole situation. I’d been fighting with myself for 18 months to prove I can still play at that level. I think I did that but it was pretty clear from that conversation that I won’t be playing for England again." Houghton's only call-up to date under Wiegman was for the pre-Euros camp last summer, before she was cut from the provisional squad. The defender has admitted that retirement from international football is something she will "have to think about over the summer" as a result. "I’d never turn my back on my country but I don’t know if I would put myself under that kind of pressure again." England will go to this summer's World Cup as one of the front-runners for the title,  . However, it will be difficult for   due to injury.


USMNT's Cade Cowell riding U-20 World Cup confidence into big Gold Cup chance

Cade Cowell says he'll be bringing confidence from his standout U-20 World Cup effort to the Gold Cup squad as he looks to play his part for the U.S.

 Cowell is one of the younger players in the U.S. men's national team squad as he joins fellow U-20 World Cup teammate Gabriel Slonina in the Gold Cup team. The San Jose Earthquakes star finished the U-20 World Cup with three goals, the most on the U.S. team, as he left the tournament as perhaps the most impressive American player in the competition. His dribbling ability and chance creation made him a standout, even if his finishing left a bit to be desired throughout the run in Argentina. Now with the senior team, Cowell says he's taking the lessons learned earlier this summer with him to the Gold Cup as he now looks to make the leap from youth star to USMNT contributor.  "It definitely was an experience I'll always remember forever," Cowell said of the U-20 World Cup. "It was awesome to be with that group for about two years preparing for that and to really go step by step, from qualification and the very first camp, it's all the little things to get to that tournament. I thought we did really well, even if it should have been better but that's how it goes sometimes. I thought it was really good. "I'll always remember that and it was good to get some good confidence and some good goals in there, so I'm pretty happy about that." Cowell is one of six dual nationals that could officially become cap tied if they play at the Gold Cup, with Julian Gressel, Aidan Morris, Gaga Slonina, Alan Sonora and Brandon Vazquez the other five. Cowell is eligible to represent Mexico and has been rumored to have drawn interest from the federation, but he says his heart has always been with the USMNT. "I chose the U.S. because I've always been part of the U.S. They've called me since U-15 camps. I never got a chance with Mexico and so I really just stuck with the U.S. and they've treated me really well here. That's all it is for me." Cowell and the USMNT will open the Gold Cup on Saturday with a match against Jamaica in Chicago.


Jose Mourinho quits UEFA board after just two months following four-match ban for branding Premier League referee Anthony Taylor a ‘f*cking disgrace’

Jose Mourinho has quit the UEFA Football Board after just two months, with the ranting Roma boss unhappy at European football’s governing body.

 The outspoken Portuguese was invited to join an organisation set up by ex-AC Milan star Zvonimir Boban and former referee Roberto Rosetti in April – with several illustrious former players and coaches charged with the task of delivering positive change. Mourinho has, however, sensationally walked away from his role after being   for his foul-mouthed tirade aimed in the direction of Premier League match official Antony Taylor following Roma’s penalty shootout defeat to Sevilla in the Europa League final. Mourinho has said in a letter sent to UEFA, which was not addressed to president Aleksandar Ceferin: “Dear Mr. Boban, in thanking you for the invitation you extended to me to be a member of the UEFA Football Board, I regret to inform you that, effective immediately, I will be renouncing to my participation in this group. The conditions which I so strongly believed in when I joined are no longer standing and I felt the obligation to take this decision. I kindly ask that you also communicate my decision to the President Mr. Aleksander Ceferin. Kind regards, Jose Mourinho.” Mourinho was incensed by the performance of Taylor and his team of officials during a continental showpiece in Budapest and was caught on camera  . Mourinho collected three red cards during the 2022-23 campaign, as he butted heads with Serie A officials on a regular basis, and has   as he approaches the final year of his contract in Italy.


USMNT star Ricardo Pepi agrees €10m transfer to PSV from Augsburg

U.S. men's national team star Ricardo Pepi has agreed a €10m (£8.5m/$10.9m) move to PSV Eindhoven from Bundesliga side Augsburg.

Pepi has agreed a deal to join PSV for €10m, per  , as he looks to continue his career in the Netherlands, having spent last season with Groningen on loan. The 20-year-old scored 12 goals in 29 league games, and also provided three assists.  Pepi is already an experienced USMNT international given his age, with 15 caps for his country and seven goals.  , per the report, and will sign a contract until June 2028. Feyenoord had also been strongly linked with Pepi, but he has opted to continue his development at Philips Stadion. I Pepi is currently on holiday as he was not included in the  . He will link up with PSV soon.


Harry Kane to Bayern Munich is getting closer! Tottenham star reaches agreement in principle with Bundesliga champions over summer transfer

Harry Kane has agreed terms with Bayern Munich ahead of a potential summer move. 

Kane has agreed terms with Bayern, per  , but the Bavarian giants must still reach an agreement with Spurs over a fee.   reported on Tuesday that Bayern had tabled an offer worth €70m (£60m/$76.7m), although that has been rejected by the north London club. Kane's contract expires at the end of next season and Spurs are aware that they run the risk of losing him for nothing if he leaves in the summer of 2024. He has also been linked with Real Madrid and Manchester United, although the former  , while the latter  . Kane is expected to cost around £100m (€116m/$127m) despite his contractual situation, reports  , and Bayern are yet to meet that valuation. It remains to be seen if they will return with a second bid but Kane's broad agreement will increase their hopes of securing his signature. The story is likely to run and run throughout the summer, with Kane's future once again under the media microscope.


Auckland, Wellington & the must-see New Zealand cities hosting Women’s World Cup football: A 2023 fan tourist’s guide

GOAl looks at the must-see cities hosting the Women's World Cup in New Zealand

New Zealand is getting ready to welcome an influx of football fans this July and August, with four cities hosting games at the  . From the capital city Wellington to Dunedin in the South Island, fans from Europe, the Americas, Africa and Asia will be moving around the antipodean islands following their teams, while the locals will no doubt enjoy a carnival atmosphere. Here,   takes a closer look at the four   in New Zealand playing host to Women's World Cup games in 2023.


'I want to find that joy again' - USMNT's Christian Pulisic discusses future amid Chelsea exit talk

The USMNT star wants to play regularly and could consider leaving Chelsea in the summer in search of more game time.

 The Chelsea winger has admitted that he is considering his future as he wants to be playing regular football next season. The 24-year-old has been linked with a Chelsea exit, having played just 30 matches in all competitions and scored just once last season for the Blues. Speaking to  , Pulisic said, "It's absolutely a time where I need to figure out what's going to be best for my future and be somewhere where I can go and play and be trusted and feel good in what I'm doing. I want to find that joy at a club level again, for sure."  in the summer with the former Serie A champions keen on adding the player to their attack. Milan were reportedly keeping an eye on his recent performances with The Stars and Stripes and were left impressed by his recent brace against Mexico in the CONCACAF Nations League. The player will be next seen in action on June 28 when USA take on Saint Kitts and Nevis in a CONCACAF Gold Cup clash.


'I'm sure he will teach us a lot' - Neymar backing Carlo Ancelotti to be next Brazil boss

Neymar backs Carlo Ancelotti to be the next Brazil manager and is confident that the Italian will "teach" them a lot.

The Italian manager has been linked with a move to Brazil but has insisted he wishes to “respect” his contract at Real Madrid which ends in 2024. However, he is then expected to make the move to South America, with CBF president Ednaldo Rodrigues   Neymar has now given his verdict on the move and is confident Ancelotti will indeed become the next Brazil manager. "We will have the opportunity to have a foreign coach. Ancelotti has won everything and I am sure he will teach us a lot," the Brazilian forward told  Real Madrid are already making preparations for Ancelotti's departure next season as they have reportedly Ancelotti is expected to return to training with Real Madrid in July after the post-season break.


Cabinho, Borgetti and the best Liga MX players of all time

Goal lists down the greatest players to have played in Liga MX over the years.

Liga MX, the exhilarating heartbeat of Mexican football, embodies a captivating fusion of passion, skill, and sheer spectacle. Its rich tapestry weaves together the vibrant colours of iconic clubs, each with a fiercely loyal following, transforming stadiums into fervent cauldrons of devotion.  From the dizzying speed of lightning-quick counterattacks to the rhythmic symphony of nimble footwork, every match unfolds like a symphony of soccer. Rivalries ignite the spirit of competition, generating seismic waves of excitement that reverberate throughout the nation. The league has produced some of the greatest players to have graced not only the country of Mexico but the whole world, with some such as the great Hugo Sanchez, who went on to become a legend of European football with Real Madrid. However, some such as Cabinho made a name for themselves primarily in Liga MX, forging their name in the competition's legacy for eternity. Here,  takes you through the greatest players to have played in Liga MX.


Nike Zoom Mercurial Vapor Elite FG Boots: Our tried & tested review

We put Nike’s speed silo to the test

In the ongoing race to make the fastest  silo,   challenged the industry by introducing an all-new football-specific Zoom Air unit to their speed silhouettes. If fast is in the air, then Nike have got it nailed with the Mercurial. The Mercurial is Nike’s   for speed. Its speed cage structure and twi-star studs offer explosive speed on the pitch, allowing for multidirectional traction and stability when you need it most. Favoured by the likes of   and Erling Haaland, the silhouette is a  and fans of the game. So, we put the Nike Zoom Mercurial Vapor Elite FG boots to the test. From comfort to value for money, we take a deep dive into everything that makes this football boot stand out against the competition. We enlisted a helping hand from London-based boot reviewer   to take the Nike Mercurial out on the pitch. We tasked   with a list of questions, seeking everything from the boot's wearability to areas where they lack. Dribbling to shooting and everything in between, there’s nothing we didn’t try with these boots, giving you our most accurate review possible. Rating You’ve seen the ratings, now let's get into the boots in more detail:  The extra cushion provided by Nike’s addition of the ‘Air Zoom’ unit in the soleplate makes these unique in the current market. These are definitely unsuitable for anyone with even slightly wider feet. Quick, nimble players looking for highly responsive boots to complement their style. The combination of the AG-specific studs and the ‘Air Zoom’ unit makes these the best AG boot currently available. 


Revealed: How much Federico Chiesa transfer will cost Liverpool as Reds ready bid for Juventus forward

Liverpool are reportedly readying a bid for Federico Chiesa, with Juventus said to be demanding €60 million (£51m/$65m) from a summer transfer.

The Reds are looking to strengthen their ranks at Anfield following a 2022-23 campaign in which they could only muster a fifth-place finish in the Premier League and missed out on Champions League qualification. Euro 2020-winning Italy international forward Chiesa is now registering on their recruitment radar.  claims that Liverpool are preparing to move for the talented 25-year-old, but only value him at around €40m-45m - which sits some way short of Juve’s asking price. The Serie A giants may be talked into doing a deal as they   for Chiesa. Liverpool are  , and already have a deal for Argentine World Cup winner Alexis Mac Allister wrapped up, with Jurgen Klopp seeking to bolster his ranks across the board.


Three Players to Watch in Each 1FF Team

Meet the biggest starts in 1FF




Liverpool record-breaker Max Thompson dies aged 66 as Reds pay touching tribute

Liverpool record-breaker Max Thompson has died at the age of 66, the club have confirmed, as they issued a touching tribute. 

Thompson was once the Reds' youngest-ever player, making his senior debut under legendary mBill Shankly, when Liverpool drew 1-1 with Tottenham in the final game of the 1973/74 season. He was just 17 years and 129 days old at the time and that record stood until 2010. Jack Robinson was the player to break Thompson's record, as he made his debut at the age of 16 against Hull in 2010. Thompson only made two appearances for Liverpool, with his second coming in the 1975/76 campaign, in a UEFA Cup game against Real Sociedad. Liverpool issued a tribute on social media, writing on  : "We are deeply saddened by the passing of former player Max Thompson. The thoughts of everyone at the club are with Max's family and friends at this difficult time." We are deeply saddened by the passing of former player Max Thompson. The thoughts of everyone at the club are with Max's family and friends at this difficult time. After leaving Anfield, the former central defender played for 15 clubs, but perhaps most notably at Blackpool, where he made just under 100 appearances between 1977 and 1981. Once retired, Thompson went on to become a physiotherapist and was rehired by Liverpool in the early 1990s. He went on to work at Southport before his death.


Newcastle United to make history as first professional team in FA Women's National League as club aims for Women's Champions League

Newcastle United will become the first full-time professional team in the history of the Women's National League in the 2023-24 season.

 It is the latest show of support the club's new owners have shown to its women's team, which will compete in the third tier in the upcoming season after winning promotion last term. The Magpies topped the Division One North table as a semi-pro team and will now go full-time this summer.  Newcastle have big ambitions for the women's team, with the   revealing last year that the club is aiming to be in the Women's Champions League by the 2027-28 season. Two more promotions would put the north-east club into the Women's Super League, where they could then compete for a European spot. Newcastle will kick off their Women's National League season later this summer, competing against teams like Wolves, Nottingham Forest and Burnley for the league's sole promotion spot.


How the USMNT should line up vs St. Kitts and Nevis in crucial Gold Cup clash: Jalen Neal in defense, Brandon Vazquez up top

After opening the tournament with a draw against Jamaica, B.J. Callaghan may look to alter his team for its second group-stage game

No disrespect to St. Kitts and Nevis, who have earned their right to be at the Gold Cup, but it's safe to say the United States men's national team will be favored on Wednesday night.  , the U.S. will now take on an opponent with a bit less punch, to put it lightly. This is the Sugar Boys' first-ever Gold Cup, having failed to qualify between 1991 and 2021. Their first game came against Trinidad and Tobago, ending in a 3-0 battering that saw the Soca Warriors jump right to the top of the group. What we're getting at here is that the USMNT will be heavy, heavy favorites, which means this may be the time to rotate a little bit after a real battle with Jamaica. B.J. Callaghan has some interesting decisions to make, both tactically and some enforced due to injury. A few players will be questionable for this game, which means we will likely see some new faces in the USMNT XI. But who should Callaghan go with?   takes a look...


Man Utd summer transfer budget capped by FFP due to 'historic spending'

Manchester United's summer transfer budget has been limited by Financial Fair Play restrictions as Erik ten Hag bids to strengthen his squad.

United are yet to add a player to their squad this summer and   reports that their budget has been lowered by FFP restrictions due to 'historic spending'. United  , and €243m (£208m/$266m) in 2022/23. United boss Erik ten Hag will have the chance to spend this summer but the money has been limited by the rules, and that has seen moves for   and  , despite there being interest in both players. United are also said to be keen to   this summer, amid talks with Inter Milan's Andre Onana. Ten Hag's first full season ended with a return to the Champions League and a Carabao Cup triumph, but it remains to be seen how much money is available to the Dutchman. United are also in the  , but that has yet to be completed, further compressing the funds available to the club. United will aim to formalise their squad ahead of the 2023/24 season and will face Leeds in their first pre-season friendly next month.


Man City's Zack Steffen emerges on Leicester's transfer radar as Enzo Maresca eyes reunion with USMNT keeper

Leicester City are interested in signing Manchester City's Zack Steffen on a permanent deal.

The Foxes have expressed strong interest in signing 28-year-old Steffen, according to   following the appointment of former Man City assistant coach, Enzo Maresca. The clubs are looking to agree on a permanent deal for the USA international who's been at City for four years. The Foxes have struggled in the goalkeeping department since the departure of Kasper Schmeichel to Nice. Maresca has worked with Steffen - who spent last season on loan at Middlesbrough - during his time at City. With the arrival of Stefan Ortega as backup goalkeeper at City, Steffen's chances of potential minutes have reduced significantly and the former Columbus Crew goalkeeper could be looking for a way out. Leicester are also in talks over a potential deal for James Maddison to join the Lillywhites, however, the two deals are understood to not be connected. The Foxes are set to compete in the Championship next season following their relegation from the Premier League and their players will report for pre-season next week.


Arsenal have just days to agree Ethan Nwaneri contract amid strong interest from Man City & Chelsea

Arsenal have just days to agree scholarship terms with youngster Ethan Nwaneri amid rival interest from Manchester City and Chelsea. 

The 16-year-old is highly thought of at Arsenal -   - and made his debut for the club against Brentford last September, when he was just 15, becoming the youngest player in Premier League history in the process. However, his contract expires on Friday, and the Gunners face a race to agree scholarship terms, as City and Chelsea hover, per the  . Both Chelsea and City are regarded as the clubs that pay the highest wages to academy players, and the Blues have already signed one prospect from the Gunners, nabbing Omari Hutchinson last summer. Nwaneri cannot sign professional terms until he is 17 but the report states that the Gunners have made him an attractive offer, and have also attempted to map out a path to the first-team, with boss Mikel Arteta involved in the negotiations. Arsenal will hope to formalise their agreement with Nwaneri but are acutely aware of the interest in him.


Done deal! Man City confirm £25m signing of Mateo Kovacic on four-year deal from Chelsea

Manchester City have signed Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea, the club have confirmed. 

 City have confirmed the signing of the 29-year-old, who has won the Champions League four times in his career. Kovacic has signed a contract until 2027 and has reportedly  .  City are also said to be   and may look to pair the two in Pep Guardiola's midfield. Chelsea are attempting to trim their bloated squad ahead of Mauricio Pochettino starting work and have already seen  ,  , and   leave thus far this summer, while   and  .  Kovacic said upon his signing:  “Anyone who has watched this team under Pep knows how good they are – for me, they are the best in the world. The trophies they have won are clear for all to see, but they are also the best footballing side out there." Kovacic will prepare for pre-season with City, with their first game coming against Bayern Munich on July 26.


Arsenal's Premier League title 'choking' blamed on Gunners' failure to sign Cristiano Ronaldo by Piers Morgan

Arsenal's failure to sign Cristiano Ronaldo in January cited as the main reason for their failure to win the Premier League title by Piers Morgan.

 Morgan, an avid Arsenal fan, spoke to Talksport about the Gunners' title charge in the recent season and their failure to edge Pep Guardiola's Manchester City. The 58-year-old cited the North London side's failure to sign Cristiano Ronaldo as one of the main reasons why the team could not secure their first Premier League title since 2004.  "Arsenal fans laughed at me last year when I suggested that Ronaldo would be a great signing for the rest of the season when he left United. Are they laughing now? Do we not honestly think someone like Ronaldo in that run-in, when [Gabriel] Jesus got injured, that Ronaldo couldn't have led our line and perhaps got us over the line?" said Morgan. "Not just because of the goals but because of the winning mentality. You put someone like that into the dressing room, all the young players would gravitate to that mentality," Morgan added speaking on the lack of cutting edge mentality in the Arsenal squad. Mikel Arteta chose not to sign Ronaldo and instead brought in Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior during the January transfer window. The 38-year-old five-time Ballon d'Or winner made the switch to Al-Nassr instead. The former Real Madrid superstar has since scored 14 goals in 19 appearances for the Saudi side. The Gunners start their pre-season against Nurnberg on July 13. They will then face Manchester City in the Community Shield at the start of the regular season.


‘Man City don’t actually want to sign Declan Rice’ - Ex-England star reveals interesting theory over Cityzens’ bids for Arsenal top target

Eniola Aluko has claimed that Manchester City do not actually want to sign Declan Rice from West Ham this summer.

 Aluko has made the bizarre claim on  , insisting that she used to use a tactic of convincing a bigger club to bid for a player to force her owner to make a higher offer when sporting director at Angel City and Aston Villa, and believes that Pep Guardiola and City are merely doing Arsenal a favour. It is made all the stranger by the fact that the two clubs contested the title race last season. Aluko, a former England international with 102 caps, said: There’s a lot of cat and mouse here and as a sporting director, I used to do this a lot. I used to call up a club and say 'right, can you put a bid in' and that would get my owner to basically put a higher bid in. It’s a bit like an auction. "I don’t think that Manchester City actually want to sign Declan Rice. I think what is going on here is that Arteta has picked up the phone to Pep [Guardiola] and said ‘Arsenal are going to do the incremental bid approach, if you put a bid in, then that will push my owner’. I think there’s a bit of that going on here." City have , which was rejected, while  . It remains to be seen if the treble winners will return with a higher offer, but they have kicked off negotiations for the England international. The Rice saga is likely to run and run as the summer transfer window rumbles on.


No Lionel Messi! USMNT stars Jesus Ferreira & Walker Zimmerman joined by Christian Benteke & Thiago Almada to headline MLS All-Star squad to face Arsenal

U.S. men's national team stars Jesus Ferreira and Walker Zimmerman headline the MLS All-Star squad to face Arsenal on July 19.

 D.C. United boss Wayne Rooney will take charge of the MLS All-Stars, who will face  , Audi Field. A total of 26 players have been named to the squad, with the team determined by a combination of fan, player and media voting, selections by Rooney and two selections by MLS Commissioner Don Garber: MLS legend Kei Kamara and CF Montreal rising star Mathieu Choiniere. Lionel Messi, who only recently completed a move to Inter Miami and is yet to make an MLS appearance, has not been included.  FWD Eight of the 26 players in the squad have arrived in MLS since 2022, with the roster representing a total of 15 different countries. 19 players will be playing in their first All-Star Game while Walker Zimmerman will lead the team in his fourth appearance. Prior to the All-Star Game itself on July 19, those selected will also take part in the All-Star Skills Challenge one day previously.


Man City & Milan giants face competition for USMNT & Fulham defender Antonee Robinson as Marseille join transfer race

Marseille have reportedly joined Manchester City, Inter and AC Milan in the race for Fulham defender Antonee Robinson.

The United States international is attracting plenty of interest once again in the summer transfer window as he approaches the final year of his contract in west London. With no extension agreed as yet, the Cottagers may have little option but to sell before the next deadline. City have been  , as Pep Guardiola’s Treble winners find themselves without a recognised left-back, while Serie A giants from Milan are also mulling over moves.   is, however, reporting that the talented 25-year-old could be taken to Ligue 1 by Marseille. Robinson has taken in 108 appearances for Fulham, with his stock soaring along the way, and it may be that he gets the chance to take another step forward in his career this summer as leading sides from across Europe continue to monitor his potential availability.


MLS All-Stars vs Arsenal 2023: Date, tickets, roster, where to watch & more

Everything one needs to know as Arsenal take on MLS All-Stars as a part of their 2023-24 pre-season campaign.

All eyes will be on the United States of America, as some of the biggest teams in Europe are set to travel to the country to take part in some pre-season friendlies ahead of the 2023/24 campaign. This includes Arsenal who are poised to take on some of the best players the U.S. has to offer, when they face MLS All-Stars in a friendly at Washington D.C. as a part of their preparation for next season. "It’s great that we’re playing against the MLS All-Stars in Washington D.C. in July. Our US tour last summer was very good preparation for the season, and we’re looking forward to once again visiting our amazing supporters in the US. The match against the MLS All-Stars will be a good test ahead of the 2023-24 season," said Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta on the fixture. Here,   brings you everything you need to know about the clash between MLS All-Stars vs Arsenal. The friendly game between the MLS All-Stars and Arsenal will take place on July 19, 2023. Kick-off is at 7 pm GMT (3 pm ET). For information regarding how and where to buy tickets for this game click  . The match will be held at the  , in Washington, D.C. It is home to D.C. United in the MLS, and is also used by NWSL side Washington Spirit. If you can't make it to watch the game in person, don't worry because it will be available to stream live. The MLS All-stars game against Arsenal will be available to watch on the  with an  MLS All-Stars will be managed by former Manchester United ace and current D.C. United manager Wayne Rooney. A constant nightmare for Arsenal's defence during his playing days, he will be looking forward to causing them trouble as a coach when they face off in July. Below is the 26-team roster for the game. Lionel Messi has not been included, despite his  .  FWD As of now, the MLS All-Stars lineup has not been confirmed, with the starting eleven to be decided through a fan vote. The first ever MLS All-Stars game was played in 1996, when the best players of the East Coast and West Coast of the U.S. were divided into MLS East and MLS West, to take on one another in a friendly match. Afterwards, the MLS All-Stars team was formed and they faced the U.S. men's national team in a friendly in 2002. Ever since they have often clashed with many European teams, including those from the Premier League. The MLS All-Stars have faced Premier League sides nine times in their past, winning five games and losing four fixtures. The two sides have only met once back in 2016, with Arsenal securing a 2-1 win.


Revealed: Mateo Kovacic explains why he left Chelsea to join Man City in £25m move

Mateo Kovacic has explained why he joined Manchester City from Chelsea for £25 million (€29m/$31m). 

 Kovacic has revealed that he has   as he aims to reach another level under manager Pep Guardiola. He left Chelsea after their 12th-placed finish in the Premier League, while City won the treble in 2022/23. Kovacic said upon signing his contract: “To be joining this squad really is a dream for any footballer. I still have plenty of learning and developing to do, and I know under Pep’s management I can become a better player, which is really exciting for me. “My plan now is to rest for a few weeks before coming back to Manchester to prepare for the new season. I want to help this club stay at the top and win more trophies.” The Croatia international already has a burgeoning trophy cabinet, with four Champions League trophies, four Club World Cups, three UEFA Super Cups, a La Liga trophy, the Spanish Super Cup, and the Europa League, having played for the Blues and Real Madrid. He also won three Croatian league titles with Dinamo Zagreb, and is aiming to add to his trophy haul at the Etihad Stadium. Kovacic will head on  , which kicks off with a game against Bayern Munich next month.


Shakira recalls finding out Gerard Pique had 'betrayed' her while father was in intensive care

Shakira has recalled finding out that Gerard Pique had "betrayed" her while her father was in intensive care. 

Having announced the  , who played for Manchester United and Barcelona in his career, her father flew to the Spanish city to be with her. She has revealed that he was "gravely injured" in an accident at her son's first communion. The multi-million selling popstar told  :  Shakira and Pique have two children together, and she added: " Her father has undergone a painful recovery from his injuries but is on the mend. Pique was accused of cheating after the relationship was over, with Shakira infamously said to have discovered that a pot of strawberry jam - which Pique dislikes - had been eaten while she was away from home, and she allegedly discovered from there the World Cup winner's infidelity. The breakup has since been referenced in Shakira's single Te Felicito, while she has also referenced Pique's new girlfriend, Clara Chia Marti, in a new diss track, which has topped Spotify's global streaming chart. In that song, Shakira sang that Pique "traded a Ferrari for a Twingo".


Exclusive: Inter deserved to beat Manchester City in Champions League final, Diego Milito says

Inter Milan deserved to beat Manchester City in the Champions League final, Diego Milito has told GOAL in an exclusive interview. 

 Milito believes that Inter had a "great journey" to reach the final, beating Porto, Benfica, and city rivals AC Milan, but they ultimately came up short against City, as   completed the treble for Pep Guardiola's side. Inter, though, had a number of chances, with Romelu Lukaku missing a header from inside the six-yard box, and inadvertently blocking a goal-bound shot. Speaking exclusively to  , Milito said:  Inter did manage to win the Coppa Italia, beating Fiorentina in the final, while they finished third in Serie A. Milito, of course, won the Champions League with Inter under Jose Mourinho in 2010, scoring both goals in the final against Bayern Munich.  Inter will have to lick their wounds before the new season; they face Cristiano Ronaldo's Al-Nassr in their first pre-season friendly on July 27.


Could Crystal Dunn start in midfield for the USWNT? Vlatko Andonovski hints at positional change for Women's World Cup

Crystal Dunn could start in midfield for the United States women's national team this summer after a hint from manager Vlatko Andonovski. 

 Dunn could well be moved into midfield as the   against Vietnam, the Netherlands, and Portugal. She has played in a variety of positions throughout her career, coming through first as a defender, but also playing as a winger, striker and a wing-back. And Andonovski has hinted she could add another position to her resume. He said: "Crystal is one of the best players, overall, in the world, and the fact that she can play midfielder on Sunday and left back on Wednesday, that just speaks to the quality player she is. I do not want to exclude the possibility of her playing in the midfield if that's what the team needs." Dunn has been a stalwart for the USWNT and has won 131 caps for her country, scoring 24 goals and laying on 19 assists. She plays her club football for Portland Thorns FC and has previously played for Chelsea. The USWNT will aim to become the first team in history to win the World Cup on three consecutive occasions.


Man Utd set to make third bid of over £55m for Chelsea's Mason Mount and want deal completed quickly

Manchester United are reportedly set to submit a third bid of over £55m for Chelsea's Mason Mount and want to complete the deal quickly.

According to  the Red Devils have intensified their pursuit of Mount and have made a final offer in excess of £55m, which is closer to  United have already agreed to personal terms with Mount and want to wrap up the deal as quickly as possible. Erik ten Hag wants to infuse more creativity into his midfield and   However, the club may decide to look elsewhere if their new and improved bid is also turned down by Chelsea. The Blues would like to get the best deal possible from selling their  It remains to be seen if Chelsea are willing to accept the new bid from United for Mount who has made 195 appearances for the Blues. The player has already made it clear that he will 


Another blow for the Lionesses! Millie Bright to miss England's World Cup warm-up game against Portugal through injury

England and Chelsea's starting centre-back, Millie Bright, is set to miss the Lionesses' game against Portugal in the run up to the Women's World Cup.

 Bright is yet to recover from the injury she picked up with Chelsea during the past season. The Euro winner has been out since March following a knee problem that needed surgery and is not looking to rush her return as she hasn't trained with the squad yet. "The knee’s really good," the 29-year-old told reporters on Tuesday. "I think it’s hard for everyone on the outside because today was the first time you’ve seen me out on the pitch but I’ve actually been out there since the first camp. I’ve just been training individually, ticking the boxes to prepare me for when I can return to the team. "I think Saturday will be a little bit too soon. I’m not back with the girls and I don’t want to rush that. Obviously, we have a lot of time until the first game. I’m gutted not to make that one but at the same time, I’m exactly where I want to be." The availability of the Chelsea star is key for Sarina Weigman's side as they have already lost their captain and starting centre-back, Leah Williamson, due to an  . Williamson's Arsenal team-mate and winner of the Euro 2022 Golden Ball, Beth Mead, will also be out of the World Cup due to an ACL tear. Wiegman's side will face Portugal in a send-off friendly on Saturday, July 1, in Milton Keynes. They are up against Haiti, Denmark and China as a part of Group D at the World Cup.


Christian Pulisic transfer latest: AC Milan in negotiations with Chelsea and USMNT star is keen on Serie A switch

AC Milan are in talks with Chelsea over a deal to sign Christian Pulisic, and the United States men's national team star is keen on the switch. 

Milan have opened negotiations with Chelsea, per  , as they look to bring the USMNT ace to Serie A. The asking price is set at €25m (£21.4m/$27.3m) but Milan are said to be looking to bring that price down. Pulisic struggled at times last season, making just eight Premier League starts, and he only scored once, while laying on one assist. As a result, the winger wants to make the move to San Siro but the two sides have yet to reach an agreement over the fee involved in the deal. Chelsea are attempting to shift a number of players this summer and are also in talks to sell   and  . He looks likely to leave Chelsea this summer but it remains to be seen if he will be able to agree terms with Milan. 


Explained: Why Chelsea are likely to reject Inter's offer for Romelu Lukaku

Chelsea are likely to reject Inter Milan's fresh bid for Romelu Lukaku. GOAL can explain why.

 Inter are poised to make a new offer to try to take Lukaku on loan for a second season, after he scored 10 goals in 28 Serie A games. Chelsea, by comparison, are closing in on the signing of   from Villarreal, likely as a replacement for the Belgium international.  reports that Inter's offer will include an option to buy Lukaku for €30m (£25.7m/$32.8m) at the end of the 2023/24 season. However, Chelsea are insistent on the deal including an obligation rather than an option once the loan expires. Chelsea are aiming to trim their squad this summer but Inter may need to sell Andre Onana to fund a bid for Lukaku. The goalkeeper was   but is now in  . Lukaku's future is unlikely to be resolved any time soon and may well turn into a saga this summer.


All completed Manchester City transfers so far in 2023-24 - Listed

GOAL rounds up all the completed Chelsea transfers in the 2023-24 season so far

Pep Guardiola's Manchester City were crowned the Premier League champions for the third time running at the end of the 2022-23 season, while also lifting the FA Cup and Champions League trophies to  . The signing of Erling Haaland proved key to City's success as the Norwegian striker bashed all Premier League goalscoring records, guiding his team to an incredibly successful season. Ahead of the 2023-24 campaign, Guardiola might have to make some big changes to his squad, with the likes of Ilkay Gundogan and Bernardo Silva tipped to leave. Both midfielders have proved to be influential cogs in the City manager's midfield and he'll have to find replacements if the experienced campaigners were indeed to leave. Aymeric Laporte is another name tipped to leave Manchester City and the reigning Premier League champions have identified his replacement as Josko Gvardiol from RB Leipzig. Guardiola would be hoping to lure him to Manchester to bolster his defensive line before the start of the new campaign. has got you covered with all the completed Manchester City transfers in the ongoing 2023-24 season below.


Arsenal submit £105m bid for Declan Rice - with West Ham star set to become most expensive British footballer ever

Arsenal have reportedly made an improved bid of £105 million for West Ham captain Declan Rice.

Arsenal and Manchester City are in the midst of a bidding war for West Ham star Declan Rice. The former has had offers of  If the move materialises, the 24-year-old's transfer will be a Premier League record fee for a British player. However, this saga may yet rumble on if City return with an improved offer for the England international - who helped David Moyes' men win the Europa Conference League this month.  Arsenal will have to wait and see if West Ham accept their third bid for Rice but City could hijack the move if they return with an improved offer. 


Mason Greenwood shirts not available to buy on Man Utd club website - despite forward being included on club's retained list

Manchester United have made shirts with Mason Greenwood's name on the back unavailable to buy on their website.

Greenwood has not played or trained for United since January 2022, when he was suspended following allegations of attempted rape, assault, and controlling or coercive behaviour.  , but the player remains subject to an internal investigation in Manchester.  Greenwood was recently included in the  , but he has not been permitted to return to training while United complete their investigation. He was recently pictured   and is understood to  On the club's website, there are various customisation settings when supporters go to buy a club shirt. And while the option remains to have Marcel Sabitzer's name on their preferred jersey, Greenwood's No.11 shirt cannot be chosen. Sabitzer is   following his loan move from Bayern Munich.  The 21 year old recently put his   amid reports linking him with a . Juventus and AC Milan have both been reported to be open to such an arrangement, as have some sides in Turkey. It is understood that a decision on Greenwood's future will depend on the opinion of various club stakeholders,  .


Chelsea's unlikely Saudi saviours: Pro League spending set to rescue Todd Boehly's bloated Blues from growing financial concerns

The sales of Kalidou Koulibaly, Hakim Ziyech and Edouard Mendy are set to breathe life into the Blues' clear-out - but is there trouble ahead?

After some questionable transfer decisions, Chelsea co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali are being bailed out of trouble amid a precarious financial situation, courtesy of interest in a host of expendable players from Saudi Arabia. However, the Blues must tread carefully, as their transfer dealings could mean they risk being thrust into hot water again. A spending spree sparked by the Saudi Public Investment Fund's (PIF)   earlier in June - Al-Hilal, Al-Ittihad, Al-Nassr and Al-Ahli - has caused a serious stir across the world of football. The fund has acquired a 75 percent stake in each of those sides and has immediately set about targeting elite-level players for their assets. Karim Benzema's move to Al-Ittihad has been the marquee signing of the summer so far following Al-Nassr's groundbreaking capture of Cristiano Ronaldo at the end of 2022, but the Saudi focus has shifted onto as many as SIX Chelsea players who have been deemed surplus to requirements at Stamford Bridge, and another whose contract is up. But how could this fire sale help Chelsea, and what are the possible ramifications?


Tottenham agree £40m James Maddison transfer with Leicester star already pencilled in for medical

Tottenham have reportedly agreed a £40 million ($51m) deal for Leicester City midfielder James Maddison.

 As per  , Spurs are on the verge of announcing Maddison as the first major signing of Ange Postecoglou's tenure as head coach. Previous reports suggested that the North London club were hesitant to match the Foxes' original asking price of £60m ($76m), and it appears they have managed to negotiate a cut-price deal after 48 hours of intense discussions between the two clubs. The final £40m ($51m) sum could rise depending on how many appearances Maddison makes for Spurs and what he achieves with the club. Newcastle United had also shown interest in the midfielder, however, they appeared to step back after completing the signing of Sandro Tonali from AC Milan.  Maddison is set to undergo a medical on Wednesday before officially signing his contract as a new Tottenham player. According to  , the 26-year-old will commit to a long-term deal that will see him earn £170,000 per week.


PSG would be mad not to activate Xavi Simons' €6m buy-back clause after superb PSV season

The Dutch attacker was sensational in Eredivisie last season - and the Ligue 1 champions would be wise to swallow their pride and re-sign him

"I was training with world stars every day but playing games is also important. I learned a lot from these players but I just turned 19 so I think I had to take that step to develop myself. It was really incredible. I don't think you will see such a good team together again."  in favour of joining Eredivisie outfit PSV last summer was a fair one. He was touted as a future star after leaving Barcelona to head for Parc des Princes in 2019, but only made 11 senior appearances over the next three years. While Lionel Messi, Kylian Mbappe and Neymar were all still on the books, Simons was destined to remain on the fringes of the action at PSG. He made a brave decision by moving back to his homeland, and it paid off handsomely. Simons was PSV's standout player as they landed the Johan Cruyff Shield and Dutch Cup last season, while also finishing second in the Eredivisie. The 20-year-old managed to   - no mean feat considering he played mainly on the left-wing - and gave defenders across the Netherlands nightmares with his pace and trickery, scoring 22 goals and providing 12 assists in all competitions while also making his first full international appearances. It is clear that PSG let a diamond slip through their grasp - but they have a  . According to  , a buy-back clause was inserted into Simons' contract at PSV which allows the Ligue 1 champions to re-sign him for just €6 million. They will have to move quickly, though, as the clause in question will only be active for the month of July. Simons is currently on a well-deserved holiday after a long campaign, but he won't be short of options when he reports back to Eindhoven.


Man Utd take New York! Red Devils stars Marcus Rashford and Tyrell Malacia pictured in the Big Apple

Manchester United stars Marcus Rashford and Tyrell Malacia have been pictured together in New York.

Rashford and Malacia were seen together in New York as both players are on their holidays in United States. The Manchester United forward posted a picture of the duo on his Instagram. The Carabao Cup winners are enjoying some downtime together before the start of 2023-24 season. Rashford matched his best goal return under Erik ten Hag last season and Malacia grew in stature as the season went on. The duo will be hoping to fire on all cylinders after recharging their batteries in the summer The Red Devils will start their   against Leeds United on July 12 before going to the United States to play some more games against the likes of Real Madrid.


WATCH: 20-foot-tall Alex Morgan 'Liberty' statue to tour United States to promote Women's World Cup

A 20-foot tall Alex Morgan statue, named the Liberty Alex, is set to tour the United States to promote the Women's World Cup. 

Morgan has been shown the incredible 20-foot artwork that depicts the U.S. women's national team star holding the Women's World Cup in one hand and a ball in the other, with a US flag draped over her. She has won the tournament twice, in 2015 and 2019. The moment we first revealed the 'Liberty Alex' statue to   🗽🇺🇸  |    The statue will tour the U.S. to promote the Women's World Cup, which is taking place in Australia and New Zealand. The USWNT will play Vietnam, the Netherlands and Portugal in their group, and Morgan has been  . The USWNT will first play Wales in a warm-up friendly before aiming to win their third consecutive  , potentially becoming the first team in history to do so.


PSG boss Christophe Galtier faces three years in prison amid allegations of harassment and discrimination at former club Nice

Christopher Galtier will stand trial in France and faces three years in prison due to allegations of discrimination at former club Nice.

The 56-year-old coach, who remains under contract at Parc des Princes for now, has been summoned by the lead investigators in his case. His son, John Valovic-Galtier, was taken into custody. The Galtiers arrived at a police station in Nice at 8:45am on Friday and were subsequently taken to court to formalise the charges. It was decided that the coach will stand trial on charges of harassment and discrimination and that he faces up to three years in prison. The trial will take place on December 15. The   relate to “discrimination based on an alleged race or membership of a religion”. Galtier is accused of having made discriminatory, racist and Islamophobic remarks during his one-season spell in charge of Nice in 2021-22. He has  , with a statement released through his lawyer stating: “Christophe Galtier was amazed to learn of the insulting and defamatory remarks of Mr. Julien Fournier against him. Given the seriousness of the charges against him, which he disputes with the greatest firmness, Christophe Galtier immediately seized his lawyer... to initiate, without delay, the necessary legal proceedings which are necessary.” Searches have been carried out at the headquarters of Ligue 1 side Nice as part of the investigation. Several players and prominent figures off the pitch – including club president Jean-Pierre Rivere – have been interviewed within that process. Former football director Julian Fournier – who brought the allegations to light in an alleged leaked email – has also been spoken to by the relevant authorities. Galtier is now waiting to discover if any further action will be taken, while PSG are working on the early termination of his contract on the back of another title triumph in 2022-23 – with former Spain and Barcelona boss  .


