Arsenal take on history and Liverpool voodoo with elusive title in sight

These days, for reasons of practicality as much as anything else, you very rarely see a team deciding to switch ends after the pre-match coin toss. But in 2018, in a Champions League quarter-final against Liverpool at Anfield, Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City did. In one of English football’s first recorded instances of a Pep overthink, City decided to switch ends to prevent Liverpool from being able to attack their favoured Kop end during the second half. Genius. Instead, Liverpool  Sitting on the City bench that night was assistant coach, Mikel Arteta, who had already endured his own harrowing Anfield experience a few years earlier. In 2014, Arsenal were still chasing that elusive league title when they visited Anfield for a Saturday 12.45pm kick-off. By 1.05pm they were 4-0 down, their gameplan in ruins, a sensory overload of red shirts and white noise having temporarily interrupted the function of their limbs. Arteta was Arsenal’s captain that day and would testify after   that he had never seen Arsène Wenger so angry. A few years later, Arteta would explain the sensation to Marca. “You say: ‘I don’t know what’s going on, stop the game please, because I don’t know where I am,’” he remembered. “At Anfield you can concede five without knowing. There is a word we use in Spain in cycling,  , when a cyclist looks amazing, then in one kilometre he goes boom, and looks like he’s struggling again. Suddenly I could only see red shirts flying around. The game is passing over me and I can’t react. I can’t do it emotionally, physically I can’t cope, everything goes too fast. I only had that feeling once in my career, and it was at Anfield.” Which if you’re an Arsenal fan is a particularly comforting paragraph to read the day before your team travel to Anfield in a game that may well decide the fate of the Premier League title. And of course Guardiola and Arteta are by no means the only ones to have encountered the Anfield ley lines and felt curiously moved by the experience. “The only place you don’t want to go,” Wenger once said of the place. “For 90 minutes, you live in hell,” said Étienne Capoue, whose Villarreal side were well beaten in   last year. And for all the confected mythology of the place, there is something uniquely menacing about the modern Anfield, with its steep stands and enforced intimacy, the first row of seats perched a few feet from the touchline. Like all big stadiums, it occasionally succumbs to indifference and tourist-driven apathy. But on certain days, when the noise walls you in like a prison, it becomes a sporting protagonist in its own right. “You feel small,” as Guardiola puts it. “It’s a bugger of a ground.” Speaking on Sky Sports last weekend, Gary Neville revealed that Alex Ferguson used to tell his Manchester United players that if they won at Anfield at this time of year, they would win the league. And over the years, that theory has been largely borne out. In the Premier League era Anfield has proven a kind of boss-level challenge for title-chasing teams, a test not just of gameplans but of guts, not just of mentality but mettle, not just of systems but self-control. Every contender to have conquered Anfield between February and May has gone on to win the league. For Ferguson’s United in 1993 and 1997, for Carlo Ancelotti’s Chelsea in 2010, for Guardiola’s City in 2021, victory at Anfield became a kind of fortifying moment, the point at which they began to convince themselves this thing was won. By the same token, Anfield has been where many title challenges have run aground: Kevin Keegan’s Newcastle in the famous 4-3 of 1996, Manuel Pellegrini’s Manchester City in 2015. Sign up to  Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football after newsletter promotion Only three clubs have lost at Anfield in the run-in and gone on to win the Premier League, all of whom could lean on mitigating circumstances. Manchester United were 13 points clear by the time they lost in 2001. Blackburn in 1995 were reprieved on the final day by United’s failure to win against West Ham. And in 2014 Manchester City’s choke at Anfield was ultimately superseded by Liverpool’s subsequent, elite, world-shattering choke against Chelsea and Crystal Palace. A couple of seasons ago, as shown in the All or Nothing documentary, Arteta tried a novel technique to prepare his players for the Anfield roar. He installed speakers alongside one of the training pitches and forced his players to train to the strains of You’ll Never Walk Alone. Arteta described it as “one of my crazy ideas” and after   it is an idea that has probably remained in storage. And given Liverpool’s form, the incoherence of their press, the porousness of their defence, there is an argument that even to acknowledge the Anfield voodoo is in many ways to self-prophesy it. At what point does all this become counterproductive?   have played themselves to the top of the Premier League by trusting the process, by treating every opponent with the equal amount of disrespect. Why throw all that out for a trip to the Premier League’s eighth-placed team? The counterpoint is that when you raise the stakes, you also raise the spoils. For all their travails this season Liverpool have remained tough to beat on home turf: just one defeat, both Manchester clubs conquered,  . Arsenal’s record there is particularly abject; win at Anfield for the first time in more than a decade and they will establish themselves not just as favourites but as presumptive champions. It’s just one game, three points. But for Arsenal – in both the literal and figurative sense – this means more.


From Haaland to Gordon: what happened to Next Generation 2017?

Talent spotting in football can be a brutal and precarious business. There are so many pitfalls on the way and a player who is outstanding at 16 may not make it for a variety of reasons: loss of form and/or confidence, injuries and a host of personal reasons. Every now and then, however, a player comes through who is so good that he or she seems destined to make it to the top. Erling Haaland – or Erling Braut Håland as he was known back then – is one of them. Of course, a serious injury could have derailed his career but he was one of those kids who stand out from an early age. Haaland was part of our Next Generation worldwide pick in 2017 and, as we look at how the players have got on in the past five years, he is the outstanding name on the list. Some would say he is the best player in the world (although that is a different discussion). In an excellent piece for  , Alf Ingve Berntsen, Haaland’s first coach at Bryne in Norway, pointed out that the environment the player grows up in also plays a part: “Having a safe and good environment, having Inge as a father, and being surrounded by his childhood friends has helped him a lot. Besides the influence of his father it was very important for him to grow up in a town like Bryne, a place where he didn’t have all the media attention that surrounds young footballers today. “If he had grown up in a big city – like Madrid, Paris or London – he would still have become a good player, because Erling always wanted to have fun and loved to train. But maybe in Bryne it is easier than in other cities to let young players grow up without pressure and enjoy football without taking it too seriously.” Hilariously, Berntsen says that Haaland was considered “too small and skinny” even at 15 and 16. It just shows that different players develop at different ages. But not even Michael Yokhin, who picked Haaland for our Next Generation 2017, or Berntsen, could have predicted quite how good the Norwegian would become. The stats, as we all know, are staggering. At Molde he scored  , at Red Bull Salzburg 29 in 27, at Dortmund 86 in 89 and he has started his Manchester City career with 14 in 10 games. But Haaland is far from the only player out of the 60 to have done well. Other players on the list are Alphonso Davies, Vinícius Júnior, Ferrán Torres, Jadon Sancho and Pedro Neto. In fact, 22 of the players have gone on to play for their country’s senior men’s team (it was 18 when we summarised the  ). We also pick 20 of the best talents at Premier League clubs each year, although here the age group varies slightly in that it is picked on players born between 1 September and 31 August in a certain year when they are first-year scholars. For Next Gen 2017 that meant that they had to be born between 1 September 2000 to 31 August 2001. This list had some outstanding players too, no more so than on Merseyside, Andy Hunter picked Anthony Gordon for Everton and Curtis Jones for Liverpool. Both have played more than 40 Premier League games for their clubs. Gordon stands at 56 and was the subject of several bids from Chelsea in the summer. This is what Andy wrote in 2017 about Gordon: Neither Gordon nor Jones tops the list for the most top-flight appearances made by the 20 players. That accolade goes to Ivan Ilic, who was at Manchester City at the time but has gone on to play 17 top-flight games in Serbia on loan at FK Zemun and 68 Serie A games for Hellas Verona – and he is still only 21. Other notable players on the Premier League list were Callum Hudson-Odoi, who is spending this season on loan at Bayer Leverkusen, and Nathan Collins, who signed for Wolves this summer for £20.5m, a record fee for an Irish player. Not everyone has stayed in England, several players following in Ilic’s footsteps and moving abroad, some to their home countries, such as Arnau Puigmal, who left Manchester United for Almería in 2021 and is playing in La Liga football for them. As always, there will be players who drop down the divisions or stop playing. Two players are in the seventh tier and one appears to be no longer in the game. What is a successful career? That is probably up to each individual to decide. One thing is for sure, however: there is no point in comparing anyone with Erling Haaland because that is only going to end badly. “He is a freak,” his international teammate Joshua King once said. “I have never seen anyone eat as much as he does. He eats like a bear.”


‘Will I be happier if I erase football from my life?’: how I went cold turkey and quit the beautiful game

What would you do with 25 hours of your life back, every single week? I wondered this after England lost in the men’s World Cup quarter-final in December last year. Through the fug of a festive hangover, memories of the previous evening flooded back: namely me, crying in the middle of a Christmas party, after Harry Kane skied an 84th-minute penalty against France. Prior to this game, my football consumption had been spiralling out of control. Whether I was watching a match, reading about it, listening to podcasts, tinkering with my fantasy league team or endlessly WhatsApp chatting, some fag-packet maths revealed I spent roughly 25 hours a week preoccupied by football. Football wasn’t always my primary focus – for example, when listening to podcasts while walking my dog. But it was still a lot. A full Earth rotation. On top of this, my almost 35 years as a   and England fan – both perennial nearly teams – had left me with a sense that the beautiful game invariably made me sad. I started to wonder whether I’d be happier if I erased football from my life and, as a bonus, got those 25 hours back. But to make such a detox worthwhile would require total, icy abstinence. So, no more games (at Spurs’ stadium or on television). No Match of the Day or Soccer Saturday. I’d have to cut off the flow of information from social media, and stop accessing the many football sources – news sites, podcasts, fantasy league – I slavishly wolfed down, morning to night. This seemed daunting but was at least within my control. Trickier would be the hidden prompts: friends, family, WhatsApp groups, random people talking in the chip shop, TVs flickering in the corner of a pub. British people who give up drinking often remark that alcohol is entwined with all aspects of our culture; I can confirm that football is, too. Regardless, as 2022’s final bells rang out I decided to try it for six weeks – cold turkey – and see what happened. My phone vice is football, a cosmically pointless ballgame played by 22 humans that entered my life around the age of five. I started supporting Spurs, like my older brother James and my dad, and soon I became obsessed. I played (badly) until I was 15, then settled into a lifetime of armchair supporting. I’ve had a season ticket – along with my brother and dad – for 20 years; it has been a thread that tied us together. (My mum and other brother Ben managed to escape the Spurs bug – I often think they lucked out.) Diego Maradona  that “football isn’t a game, nor a sport; it’s a religion” and, for me at least, he’s right. I’ve often felt that I didn’t quite fit in with traditional models of masculinity: a bit fey and awkward, vegetarian, inept with a drill. Football became a way I could enter any group of lads and hold my own. Incessant football consumption not only fed a love of the game but also my sense of being a man. “In your case, every time you read a new football story or get something football-related on your phone, it gives you the dopamine hit. It’s a feelgood hormone,” says Sally Baker, a therapist, who serendipitously has an adult Spurs-supporting son. (“They cannot finish. It’s a thing. It drives me nuts,” she says, referring to Spurs’ tedious habit of losing in finals or semi-finals. The last time they won a major tournament, the FA Cup, I was six. Though we have won two League Cups in the meantime.) “Football is a thing of deep emotional involvement but also an intellectual pursuit for you. So you check all your different streams and by the time you’ve rotated through all of them, there’ll be new content coming up. It’s ultimately disappointing and doesn’t satisfy you,” Baker says. This habit, she suggests, is no different from compulsively checking Facebook. “If you’re doomscrolling at night, it tends to be because you’re feeling lonely and disconnected. In the morning, it tends to be about procrastination – delaying starting your day.” In my case, my brain would fizz when a new Tottenham article or podcast pinged on my phone. I tell Baker about how visceral this pleasure was. Jokingly, I use the word “orgasmic”. “The brain hormones released by great insight and connection to something you’re interested in are the same as those you get from porn,” Baker says. Would six weeks of zero football help me break the habit? Baker tells me that “psychologists differ, but they say it takes between 21 days and three months to have a complete reset”. Twitter’s dogged algorithm endeavoured to get Tottenham-related trending topics through my barricades but, after about a week in which I’d muted every known variation of #ConteOut (Antonio Conte, the Spurs manager, eventually left by “ ” on 26 March), I was, more or less, in a football-free zone. I unsubscribed from the podcasts that usually took up hours and hours of my week. (I had three on heavy rotation, plus a cache of secondary options with incrementally worse production values.) I archived a few WhatsApp groups where football was the main source of discourse. I deleted Instagram. I told some friends, and stayed away from others. When I went to pubs – carefully vetted to ensure they weren’t showing any matches – I messaged football-fixated acquaintances in advance to ask them to avoid discussing it. My family played along gamely – and my girlfriend Robyn, an Arsenal supporter, kept admirably quiet considering her own team was flying at the top of the league. I sailed through the first couple of weeks, feeling pretty smug. If a football segment came on the radio or TV, I’d start shouting “la la la’’ and frantically turn it off. I had to move seats on a bus because some kids were talking about Manchester United. I was totally committed. Instead of attending the north London derby (when Spurs play Arsenal) on 15 January, I completed my tax return and went to the pub next door to attend a wake for a dog called Liza. It was a nice thing that I wouldn’t have done otherwise. I started to think: am I actually happier without football? My life seemed simpler and less distracted. I started chewing through the second draft of a novel that had been taunting me from a Google Doc for 18 months. You may be aware of the psychological concept of “flow”: a deeply satisfying state of consciousness where we are fully absorbed in a singular activity that brings us pleasure. It could be gardening, crochet, playing marimba, Lego – anything. Those who manage to get regularly lost in a flow state – and I’m paraphrasing Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, who named   – experience higher levels of contentment. Yet our world of quick-fix dopamine rewards and distractions make it harder to focus on those flow states that will bring us joy. Starting my day without the usual array of football roundups, reports and features helped me get into a flow state with my book before I started work. Whenever I did, I felt good – calmer. My second draft got finished. It may never see even an Oxfam bookshelf, but it still made me really happy. I did notice that I craved football most when I was knackered or low. I almost lapsed when I caught Covid in early February: podcasts, especially the  , were something I really missed. I emailed its enviably upbeat host, Max Rushden. He supports Spurs and England, too, as well as Cambridge United, and decamped recently from the UK to Australia. I asked him whether it’s different supporting a team like Cambridge United, who have less chance of obtaining any of the game’s big titles; where the mantra “It’s the hope that kills you” doesn’t apply. He is quick to correct me about Spurs’ chances of winning anything, then says: “Genuinely, for me, football isn’t about winning things. Of course it’s about hope. But if it was about success, I and millions of fans would have given up years ago. It’s about all the other things: the match-day routine, the bond with your family and your mates.” It is this bond that I missed the most, and not discussing football with my dad just felt sad: there was a vacuum in our normal conversational repertoire. I had also essentially extricated myself from one group of football-obsessed mates I’ve known since I was a teenager – and missed one of their children’s birthday parties because I didn’t pick up the WhatsApp invite. The tenor of my weekend’s viewing also massively changed: less football, more Happy Valley or Friends. I came to think of breaking up with football like breaking up with a person: at first the memories of them are raw and everywhere, so you avoid the streets you used to walk. But, after a time, those triggers fade and you stop noticing them as much. (Also, eventually they get replaced – I swapped my bedtime football reading for bedtime restaurant reviews.) As time went on – and we moved towards my “coming out” day on 19 February, when I’d go back to my normal seat to watch Spurs v West Ham – I became gripped by a desire to see Harry Kane play, to know that he was all right after that penalty miss against France. I’d later find out that he had been totally fine, breaking Spurs’ all-time goal-scoring record in my absence. On the day of the game, I woke up sizzling with anxiety. In bed, I asked Robyn if Arsenal were still top of the league. They were, and I was happy. (Life’s too short for boring rivalries.) She said she’d missed football being a part of our lives, and we reminisced about our second date: going to watch Arsenal v Liverpool, snogging like teenagers in the corner of a grotty Brighton boozer. I met my brother outside the ground where he updated me on what I’d missed over the last six weeks. In the stadium, a moment I’d been obsessing over for weeks, it was hard to take it all in while posing for photographs for this piece in front of a stand of supporters – some of whom I’d known for over a decade – wondering just who the hell I thought I was. Nevertheless, Tottenham’s new(ish) stadium has a single 17,500-person South Stand: it’s like a diagonal sheet of humanity. I had forgotten how the sound rings celestially from pitch to roof when this disparate choir of loyal believers sings. And the game itself? Spurs played badly, then a bit better, then scored. James and I hugged. It did feel special. Most of all it was nice just hanging out with my brother, and talking about Harry Kane with strangers in the crowd who care as much as I do. I couldn’t wait to call my dad. Several weeks on, I check my phone much less – especially in the mornings, when I was most susceptible to the dopamine hit of football content – and the apps have remained deleted. Instead of football being a 24/7 semi-professional hobby, mainly carried out online, I’m focusing much more on the human connections. The truth is, my 25-hour unquenchable thirst had pulled me away from football’s greatest gift: like everything worth living for, it’s about people. 


After all these years, PSG still do not understand how to succeed at the top

“Trust the process” has been a popular refrain on social media this season. Arsenal were patient with Mikel Arteta and are now being rewarded. At PSG, the hope was that the arrival of Luís Campos as sporting advisor and the “end of bling-bling” culture – as president Nasser Al-Khelaifi put it – would produce a dramatic shift in the club’s fortunes. But was their new process ever worth trusting? PSG’s 1-0 home defeat to   on Sunday night was their eighth in 2023, having been undefeated under Christophe Galtier in 2022. The “hangover” their three forwards experienced after an emotionally draining World Cup has accelerated a downturn that had been under way for some time. Although an astute game-to-game strategist, Galtier is not tactically innovative enough to compete with the game’s leading managers. At his previous clubs – Nice, Lille and Saint-Étienne – he was adept at nullifying opponents but rarely at imposing his own ideas and outplaying rivals. Things are different at PSG. Galtier cannot wait for opponents to attack; he must build a side that is capable of picking apart the organised units he faces in  , while also being able to outsmart equally talented teams in Europe. Galtier’s plan amounts to little more than throwing   together and letting them figure it out for themselves. His 3-4-3 formation – which morphed into a 4-4-2 diamond before   in February – resulted in a disconnect between his three forwards, who effectively had free roles, and the rest of the team, who were organised in a way that made up for that largesse. Initially, with Neymar in unplayable form, their individual quality told. A strong Lille side were demolished 7-1 in August as PSG scored 17 goals in their first three games. The wins continued, but the team became increasingly unconvincing as coaches found ways of defending against such a one-dimensional side – much like Galtier would have done had he been up against his own team. PSG’s six domestic defeats since Christmas tell a story. All have come against Ligue 1’s better sides – Lyon, Rennes (twice), Monaco, Marseille and Lens – and PSG have lost the xG battle in five of them, showing they are not unlucky or random. PSG can still overwhelm weaker opponents but any team with a semblance of quality can, and will, hurt them. Their only creditable performance since the World Cup was a 3-0 win at Marseille in February. Although injuries and transfer market failings have not helped, Galtier has been rumbled and there seems to be nothing he can do about it. He has a workmanlike skillset and is unlikely to make it to next season. The real problem, however, is the misguided decision to appoint him, which was a product of the quasi-galácticos policy that has seen PSG tread water for much of the QSI reign. The club’s hierarchy has not yet realised that spending the most money to sign the best players to simply have more firepower than everyone else is not a reliable means of success in modern football. PSG’s process fails to appreciate that high-level football matches are now won in more nuanced ways. Most elite clubs have two things that PSG do not appear to consider important. Firstly, a trusted and tactically innovative coach. Lille 3-1 Lorient
 Angers 1-1 Nice
 Brest 3-1 Toulouse
 Clermont 2-1 Ajaccio
 Nantes 0-3 Reims
 Monaco 4-3 Strasbourg
 PSG 0-1 Lyon
 Auxerre 1-0 Troyes
 Rennes 0-1 Lens
 Marseille 1-1 Montpellier Unlike in the early 2000s, when Real Madrid enjoyed success with their galácticos – the spiritual godfathers of the current PSG team – top-level football is now a precise science informed by reams of data and widespread tactical innovation. To compete with Manchester City and the rest in 2023, PSG need to outthink and outmanoeuvre, rather than outmuscle or outspend. The former PSG coach Thomas Tuchel understood this, but tiresome internal politics, another failing, brought his reign to a premature end. The club has never truly trusted a coach with their project. Secondly, PSG need absolute buy-in from their squad. Their three forwards want the club to succeed but, especially in the case of Kylian Mbappé and Neymar, it has to be on their terms – and the club have repeatedly signalled that this is acceptable. For example, Mbappé’s infamous #pivotgang Instagram post last year – in which he complained about his more facilitatory role in the team – seems to have directly influenced Galtier’s thinking, contributing to the team’s downturn. The presence of Messi, Neymar and Mbappé is not a problem in itself; their lack of commitment to the team ethic is. Galtier’s appointment was born of these failings. With PSG prepared to offer Mbappé anything so he would sign a new contract last year, Campos’s name was reportedly mentioned by Mbappé as a possible sporting director. The club acquiesced. As shown by his role in Lille and Monaco’s recent title wins, Campos is a master at unearthing cheap talent and helping mid-size clubs overperform. Neither skill is of use to PSG. Campos in turn appointed Galtier, seemingly because he had worked with him before, despite a multitude of more suitable candidates being available. To his credit, despite producing a thin squad and signing an out-of-his-depth coach, Campos has at least brought some common sense to transfers and tried to push the club’s prolific but underused academy. The problem for PSG when compared to the resurgent Arsenal is that their process was barely worthy of trust from the start. Indeed, PSG fans often ask: “What process?” The appointment of Arteta made sense for the club’s reduced aims at that time, whereas Campos and Galtier feel out of place at the Parc des Princes and still owe their positions to the club’s characteristic “bling-bling” ideology. PSG may yet achieve their aims and win the Champions League in this guise, but it is unlikely. Campos may yet remould the club but there is little evidence to suggest he can or will, and the French media suggest his position is also under threat. Trusting in a modern, holistic, tactically innovative approach is what PSG need to do – but finding a process that breeds such trust is proving their most difficult task.  PSG’s defeat to Lyon, their second in a row, has opened up the Ligue 1 title race once more, with the gap to second cut to six points. However, Marseille failed to take full advantage, drawing 1-1 at home to Montpellier, who are now undefeated in seven games since the return of coach Michel Der Zakarian. Their upturn in form has taken them clear of the relegation battle. At the top, Lens are again PSG’s closest rivals after their third win in a row, an impressive 1-0 victory at Rennes. The top two meet in two weeks.  The wide-open Coupe de France resumes this week at the semi-final stage. Holders and relegation battlers Nantes, having impressively ousted Lens in the last eight, face an erratic Lyon side, who, despite beating PSG this weekend, are still ninth in Ligue 1. Mid-table Toulouse, meanwhile, are up against Ligue 2 minnows Annecy, who stunned Marseille at the Vélodrome last month. Lyon are desperate to win their first trophy in more than a decade and are now favourites, despite this being their worst campaign for some time.


‘Your talent will open doors’: the club in Qatar giving African players reason to dream

“Maintain your dignity, maintain your confidence, maintain your belief.” Robert Otiato has been training his Mazrouah FC players for the last two hours and, before everyone heads into the night, it is time for some final words. They have run themselves into the hard, pebbly ground but Otiato has a habit of making them feel 10 feet tall and every face in a tight-knit circle is fixed in his direction. “Your talent will open doors for you,” he tells them. “There is a vision. There is a future.” It has not always been easy to see one here, in a bleak and dusty expanse north-west of Doha. Life can be harsh for the workers whose accommodation sits 100 yards behind the pitch, and to which most of Otiato’s team return after the session. It feels a long way from their homes in different parts of Africa; they are in   to earn some money but, in their limited downtime, there are few ways to occupy body and mind. In January last year Otiato, a 28-year-old Kenyan with eloquent persuasive power, decided to do something about it. He arrived in Qatar almost two years ago, thinking he would be a waiter but instead being employed to load and unload trucks. In his homeland he was a successful goalkeeper for lower-league teams and coached an amateur side, but moving abroad made more economic sense than staying. He noticed the community had no organised outlet for those who wanted to play football. He also realised that he was surrounded by talented, hungry young players who still held hopes of progressing in the sport but had been offered little direction. Mazrouah, named after the area, was born. Today a squad of up to 30 trains six evenings a week; sometimes work intrudes but several players have been successful in persuading employers to accommodate their football when devising rotas. At the start Otiato had to clear rocks from the area to create a relatively safe playing space; there were also disputes with south Asian neighbours who used it for cricket. Now both parties have made room to play side by side and Mazrouah feel they have established a springboard for rapid progress. “We’re thinking about how we’re going to grow beyond this place,” Otiato says. “This is just the start of it.” Last year the club began playing friendlies against other migrant teams in Doha, gradually increasing the quality of opposition and holding their own. They entered two tournaments and in the second, the well-organised Barwa Champions League, reached the quarter-finals. Training is serious and impressively structured: Otiato, who says he studies the likes of Jürgen Klopp and Mikel Arteta, sets out cones and oversees a variety of drills. Then the team play an in-house game and the standard, considering the inhospitable location, is high. The keepers can dive fearlessly because carpet has been sourced to cover their goalmouths. Players contribute 50 riyals (£11) a month towards Mazrouah’s operation. The sum funds training materials, travel to away games and incentives such as trophies for individual excellence; it has also brought them their own kit, designed and printed via the friend of a player in Kenya. But the club is young and the fee to join Qatar’s best amateur setup, the Supreme Committee-run Community League, doubled this season to 4,000 riyals (£880). That was prohibitive so they are looking for a sponsor to help them participate and, in addition, find better facilities. Each of Otiato’s crew has a story. Wycliffe, one of his assistant coaches, was a leading referee in Kenya and in 2021 was named among the top three officials in its Super League. Now he works as a security guard at a resort in Doha. “I’ve got a family and couldn’t earn enough in Kenya,” he says. “But I love refereeing, it’s what I do best. If you can do it in Africa, you can do it anywhere. It’s my dream to referee at a   and I’m always optimistic, I pray the chance will come.” Mazrouah’s captain is Omar, a rangy midfielder with commanding presence on the ball. He arrived in Qatar after accepting a job offer cleaning at a golf club but his real motivation was to develop a football career that started in Kenya’s second tier. It was a setback to learn that, being clubless, he could only attempt to sign for a senior Qatari side once he had lived in the country for four years. Somebody purporting to be an agent offered to represent him but it did not feel right; he bobbed between other amateur teams for more than a year until being enticed to Mazrouah soon after their creation and winning a vote to lead the side. “I like bringing people together and think leadership is my thing,” he says. “I have a plan and I know one day I’ll be a professional player.” Hamy, a 20-year-old schemer who played for two clubs in Uganda, decided to seek work in Qatar because he felt inspired by the World Cup. He is a site officer at one of the gleaming skyscrapers being erected in Lusail, where the final was held, but prays to get his big footballing break. Daniel, a Ghanaian who works in security at a hotel, was an attacking right-back in his home country’s second division and hopes his ability will catch somebody’s attention. The same goes for the Zambians, Gambians and other nationalities who make up Mazrouah’s squad. But few eyes wander to an outpost like this and it is a gargantuan challenge, for young men who have arrived without professional guidance or experience in a leading academy, to make their fortunes this way. Otiato believes he is sitting on a well of untapped talent and is intent on giving it a platform. “We have players here who are capable of bigger things,” he says. “My aim is to lead this team from Africa, to Qatar, to beyond.” There are two other strands to his mission. He knows the importance of football when daily existence is so difficult. “Some of these guys come from very difficult backgrounds in Africa,” he says. “And in Qatar there is a lot of pressure: the living conditions are not great in some cases. But we don’t complain. I tell them this is a family and we are here to come together, fight and support each other.” He recounts the story of a player who required surgery for an industrial injury and was ready to leave Qatar, but opted to stay because of the connection he feels to Mazrouah. Otiato also wants Mazrouah to reach a financial position whereby they can regularly support people in their home countries. He wants to assist local teams and also fund education for those who need it, so that they can earn the qualifications that might help them work abroad. They have started by donating to two individuals in Kenya and Uganda but want to scale their assistance up: the point is to gaze forwards while taking care of their roots. Individually and collectively, there are ambitions here that give life fresh dimensions in an otherwise sterile situation. Otiato and his friends have created something from nothing in a place where none of them could ever have expected to pitch up. “These boys really love each other, I can tell you that,” he says. “When they come here, they know how much they are appreciated.”


How a wind-up convinced Maradona he could win World Cup on his own

Diego Maradona arrived in Mexico like a well-tuned violin. He had managed to stabilise his weight at 76kg long before the World Cup. His physical condition was optimal from the feet to the neck, and little by little he managed to acclimatise to the Aztec high habitat. The place chosen as the training camp was ideal for footballers – although they baptised it as Alcatraz, the famous American penitentiary located on a small island in the San Francisco Bay. They could perform the necessary exercises to adapt to the altitude, enjoy many hours of rest and sleep, a good diet and a relaxed, calm atmosphere. The coach Carlos Bilardo, who had rehearsed acclimatisation to the altitude with a group of players – although without Diego – in Tilcara, a town in the province of Jujuy located about 3,000m above sea level, also organised several training sessions at the time set for games, so the boys would also get used to the torrid heat of the Mexican summer. Diego trained with the team on the field, where Bilardo ordered his tactics and strategies. I was there as Diego’s personal trainer and, as in Naples, I worried about choosing what work to do so as not to overload Diego’s muscles. The Italian season had been very demanding and I couldn’t allow him to overtrain and reach the   with wet gunpowder, as had happened in Spain four years before. I also set out to motivate him, to help him free his mind from understandable hesitations, from the fears that stage fright can generate. One night, I decided it was time to adjust the last nut on that incredible 1.68m-tall football machine. I got to Diego’s room and found him on his bed, reading a magazine, lying on his back and with his legs bent. I said hello and only Pedro Pasculli, Diego’s roommate and former Argentinos Juniors teammate, answered. “The 10” continued, engrossed in reading. He didn’t answer me. I took advantage of his concentration to give Pedro a knowing wink, making him understand that I needed his collaboration. “How are you, Profe?” “How are you, Pedrito?” “Well, and you?” “The truth? I am perfect. Today was a great day, Pedro!” “Why? What happened?” “Today I realised that all these guys who came to be World Cup stars are in fact a bunch of cowards!” “Nooooo! Really?” “Believe me! In one of the newspapers, I read that Zico declared that he prefers a great performance from Brazil rather than his personal brilliance. Platini said more or less the same; Rummenigge, the identical music …” I made a deep, brief, deliberate silence. And I added: “And one I know …” I could not finish the sentence. Directly alluded to and beside himself, Diego, apparently concentrating on reading, flipped the magazine over and shouted at me: “But what do you think, fucking Blind [Signorini’s nickname], that this is as easy as you think?” Sign up to  The best of our sports journalism from the past seven days and a heads-up on the weekend’s action after newsletter promotion With a very calm voice and looking into his eyes, I replied: “Easy? Very easy I would say! God gives bread to those who have no teeth. If I had your conditions, you’d see!” He wanted to interrupt but I, pretending to be angry, raised my tone and concluded: “Convince yourself once and for all, pig head! If not, what the hell did we do everything we did for? If you decide, you win the World Cup alone. Understand it!” I did not say “pig head” in a derogatory sense: that is what tremendously noble guys with well-defined principles are called in  . Diego knew that I always spoke to him from affection and protection. I took two steps back, opened the door, and went to my room. As I walked down the corridor, I heard the loud insults that Diego dedicated to me resounding, combined with Pedrito’s laughter. The next day the press was authorised to enter the Club América campus and a cloud of journalists from all over the world invaded to talk with the boys. As always, Diego was the favourite prey of the reporters, among whom Bobby Charlton stood out, the unforgettable England midfielder and world champion in 1966. The   captain stood before the cameras and microphones with excellent humour. He answered all the questions with wit and determination. That night I stopped by his room and saw him excitedly playing cards with other guys, so I said hello and left. The next morning I got up for an early breakfast. At the bar, Jorge Valdano and the delegation’s cook, Julio Onieva, chatted animatedly. Scattered on a round table, the just-arrived newspapers were waiting. I started flipping through them until one headline made a huge impact on me. The title that headed a photograph of Diego with a huge smile announced: “Maradona opens the fire: ‘I will be the star of the World Cup.’” I experienced infinite pleasure. “Now we are ready,” I decreed. Today, when the outcome of the tournament is known and recognised, I must say that what followed was, for me, a fantastic experience that should be titled Chronicle of an Announced Victory. But, logically, no one could predict anything before the opening whistle against South Korea, at the Olympic in Mexico City; nor when that game ended, because the Koreans gave Diego so many kicks that I thought he was out of the World Cup in the first match. The most egregious blow came from Huh Jung-moo: within four minutes of the first half, Diego eluded two rivals, and Jung-Moo landed a terrifying kick in the knee. The Korean launched himself directly to destroy his opponent, without any intention of reaching the ball – if you don’t believe me, you can relive it thanks to YouTube. He would have deserved to go straight to jail, but Spanish referee Victoriano Sánchez Arminio didn’t even show him a yellow card. This is how Fifa cared for the skilled: with matches played at high altitude, during the midday of a hellish summer, without repressing criminal violence? Meanwhile, João Havelange, the guy who presided over Fifa at the time, filled his mouth with words like “show”, “sport” or “fair play”. Pure blah-blah. I don’t know how Diego recovered from that and another dozen blows, but in that match he provided three assists for Argentina to win 3-0: two to Valdano and one to Óscar Ruggeri. “The 10” seemed a beast as hungry as he was insatiable. The physical preparation and internal fire had made him an unstoppable bulldozer, who also threw rays of genius, like the goal that he scored against Italy. Frankly, I can’t find how to describe what he invented in Puebla. Valdano played a ball that seemed complicated and he turned it into a poem: flying into the rivals’ area, closely marked by the experienced defender Gaetano Scirea, Diego jumped over the corner of the small area and, in the air, as if suspended, he managed to get his left boot to caress the ball so that it passed away from goalkeeper Giovanni Galli. It seemed that the ball was going out, but no: it stung and twisted its course towards the net. How did he do it? No one could explain it. Not even he found a coherent justification.


Arsenal take on history and Liverpool voodoo with elusive title in sight

These days, for reasons of practicality as much as anything else, you very rarely see a team deciding to switch ends after the pre-match coin toss. But in 2018, in a Champions League quarter-final against Liverpool at Anfield, Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City did. In one of English football’s first recorded instances of a Pep overthink, City decided to switch ends to prevent Liverpool from being able to attack their favoured Kop end during the second half. Genius. Instead, Liverpool  Sitting on the City bench that night was assistant coach, Mikel Arteta, who had already endured his own harrowing Anfield experience a few years earlier. In 2014, Arsenal were still chasing that elusive league title when they visited Anfield for a Saturday 12.45pm kick-off. By 1.05pm they were 4-0 down, their gameplan in ruins, a sensory overload of red shirts and white noise having temporarily interrupted the function of their limbs. Arteta was Arsenal’s captain that day and would testify after   that he had never seen Arsène Wenger so angry. A few years later, Arteta would explain the sensation to Marca. “You say: ‘I don’t know what’s going on, stop the game please, because I don’t know where I am,’” he remembered. “At Anfield you can concede five without knowing. There is a word we use in Spain in cycling,  , when a cyclist looks amazing, then in one kilometre he goes boom, and looks like he’s struggling again. Suddenly I could only see red shirts flying around. The game is passing over me and I can’t react. I can’t do it emotionally, physically I can’t cope, everything goes too fast. I only had that feeling once in my career, and it was at Anfield.” Which if you’re an Arsenal fan is a particularly comforting paragraph to read the day before your team travel to Anfield in a game that may well decide the fate of the Premier League title. And of course Guardiola and Arteta are by no means the only ones to have encountered the Anfield ley lines and felt curiously moved by the experience. “The only place you don’t want to go,” Wenger once said of the place. “For 90 minutes, you live in hell,” said Étienne Capoue, whose Villarreal side were well beaten in   last year. And for all the confected mythology of the place, there is something uniquely menacing about the modern Anfield, with its steep stands and enforced intimacy, the first row of seats perched a few feet from the touchline. Like all big stadiums, it occasionally succumbs to indifference and tourist-driven apathy. But on certain days, when the noise walls you in like a prison, it becomes a sporting protagonist in its own right. “You feel small,” as Guardiola puts it. “It’s a bugger of a ground.” Speaking on Sky Sports last weekend, Gary Neville revealed that Alex Ferguson used to tell his Manchester United players that if they won at Anfield at this time of year, they would win the league. And over the years, that theory has been largely borne out. In the Premier League era Anfield has proven a kind of boss-level challenge for title-chasing teams, a test not just of gameplans but of guts, not just of mentality but mettle, not just of systems but self-control. Every contender to have conquered Anfield between February and May has gone on to win the league. For Ferguson’s United in 1993 and 1997, for Carlo Ancelotti’s Chelsea in 2010, for Guardiola’s City in 2021, victory at Anfield became a kind of fortifying moment, the point at which they began to convince themselves this thing was won. By the same token, Anfield has been where many title challenges have run aground: Kevin Keegan’s Newcastle in the famous 4-3 of 1996, Manuel Pellegrini’s Manchester City in 2015. Sign up to  Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football after newsletter promotion Only three clubs have lost at Anfield in the run-in and gone on to win the Premier League, all of whom could lean on mitigating circumstances. Manchester United were 13 points clear by the time they lost in 2001. Blackburn in 1995 were reprieved on the final day by United’s failure to win against West Ham. And in 2014 Manchester City’s choke at Anfield was ultimately superseded by Liverpool’s subsequent, elite, world-shattering choke against Chelsea and Crystal Palace. A couple of seasons ago, as shown in the All or Nothing documentary, Arteta tried a novel technique to prepare his players for the Anfield roar. He installed speakers alongside one of the training pitches and forced his players to train to the strains of You’ll Never Walk Alone. Arteta described it as “one of my crazy ideas” and after   it is an idea that has probably remained in storage. And given Liverpool’s form, the incoherence of their press, the porousness of their defence, there is an argument that even to acknowledge the Anfield voodoo is in many ways to self-prophesy it. At what point does all this become counterproductive?   have played themselves to the top of the Premier League by trusting the process, by treating every opponent with the equal amount of disrespect. Why throw all that out for a trip to the Premier League’s eighth-placed team? The counterpoint is that when you raise the stakes, you also raise the spoils. For all their travails this season Liverpool have remained tough to beat on home turf: just one defeat, both Manchester clubs conquered,  . Arsenal’s record there is particularly abject; win at Anfield for the first time in more than a decade and they will establish themselves not just as favourites but as presumptive champions. It’s just one game, three points. But for Arsenal – in both the literal and figurative sense – this means more.


From Haaland to Gordon: what happened to Next Generation 2017?

Talent spotting in football can be a brutal and precarious business. There are so many pitfalls on the way and a player who is outstanding at 16 may not make it for a variety of reasons: loss of form and/or confidence, injuries and a host of personal reasons. Every now and then, however, a player comes through who is so good that he or she seems destined to make it to the top. Erling Haaland – or Erling Braut Håland as he was known back then – is one of them. Of course, a serious injury could have derailed his career but he was one of those kids who stand out from an early age. Haaland was part of our Next Generation worldwide pick in 2017 and, as we look at how the players have got on in the past five years, he is the outstanding name on the list. Some would say he is the best player in the world (although that is a different discussion). In an excellent piece for  , Alf Ingve Berntsen, Haaland’s first coach at Bryne in Norway, pointed out that the environment the player grows up in also plays a part: “Having a safe and good environment, having Inge as a father, and being surrounded by his childhood friends has helped him a lot. Besides the influence of his father it was very important for him to grow up in a town like Bryne, a place where he didn’t have all the media attention that surrounds young footballers today. “If he had grown up in a big city – like Madrid, Paris or London – he would still have become a good player, because Erling always wanted to have fun and loved to train. But maybe in Bryne it is easier than in other cities to let young players grow up without pressure and enjoy football without taking it too seriously.” Hilariously, Berntsen says that Haaland was considered “too small and skinny” even at 15 and 16. It just shows that different players develop at different ages. But not even Michael Yokhin, who picked Haaland for our Next Generation 2017, or Berntsen, could have predicted quite how good the Norwegian would become. The stats, as we all know, are staggering. At Molde he scored  , at Red Bull Salzburg 29 in 27, at Dortmund 86 in 89 and he has started his Manchester City career with 14 in 10 games. But Haaland is far from the only player out of the 60 to have done well. Other players on the list are Alphonso Davies, Vinícius Júnior, Ferrán Torres, Jadon Sancho and Pedro Neto. In fact, 22 of the players have gone on to play for their country’s senior men’s team (it was 18 when we summarised the  ). We also pick 20 of the best talents at Premier League clubs each year, although here the age group varies slightly in that it is picked on players born between 1 September and 31 August in a certain year when they are first-year scholars. For Next Gen 2017 that meant that they had to be born between 1 September 2000 to 31 August 2001. This list had some outstanding players too, no more so than on Merseyside, Andy Hunter picked Anthony Gordon for Everton and Curtis Jones for Liverpool. Both have played more than 40 Premier League games for their clubs. Gordon stands at 56 and was the subject of several bids from Chelsea in the summer. This is what Andy wrote in 2017 about Gordon: Neither Gordon nor Jones tops the list for the most top-flight appearances made by the 20 players. That accolade goes to Ivan Ilic, who was at Manchester City at the time but has gone on to play 17 top-flight games in Serbia on loan at FK Zemun and 68 Serie A games for Hellas Verona – and he is still only 21. Other notable players on the Premier League list were Callum Hudson-Odoi, who is spending this season on loan at Bayer Leverkusen, and Nathan Collins, who signed for Wolves this summer for £20.5m, a record fee for an Irish player. Not everyone has stayed in England, several players following in Ilic’s footsteps and moving abroad, some to their home countries, such as Arnau Puigmal, who left Manchester United for Almería in 2021 and is playing in La Liga football for them. As always, there will be players who drop down the divisions or stop playing. Two players are in the seventh tier and one appears to be no longer in the game. What is a successful career? That is probably up to each individual to decide. One thing is for sure, however: there is no point in comparing anyone with Erling Haaland because that is only going to end badly. “He is a freak,” his international teammate Joshua King once said. “I have never seen anyone eat as much as he does. He eats like a bear.”


‘Will I be happier if I erase football from my life?’: how I went cold turkey and quit the beautiful game

What would you do with 25 hours of your life back, every single week? I wondered this after England lost in the men’s World Cup quarter-final in December last year. Through the fug of a festive hangover, memories of the previous evening flooded back: namely me, crying in the middle of a Christmas party, after Harry Kane skied an 84th-minute penalty against France. Prior to this game, my football consumption had been spiralling out of control. Whether I was watching a match, reading about it, listening to podcasts, tinkering with my fantasy league team or endlessly WhatsApp chatting, some fag-packet maths revealed I spent roughly 25 hours a week preoccupied by football. Football wasn’t always my primary focus – for example, when listening to podcasts while walking my dog. But it was still a lot. A full Earth rotation. On top of this, my almost 35 years as a   and England fan – both perennial nearly teams – had left me with a sense that the beautiful game invariably made me sad. I started to wonder whether I’d be happier if I erased football from my life and, as a bonus, got those 25 hours back. But to make such a detox worthwhile would require total, icy abstinence. So, no more games (at Spurs’ stadium or on television). No Match of the Day or Soccer Saturday. I’d have to cut off the flow of information from social media, and stop accessing the many football sources – news sites, podcasts, fantasy league – I slavishly wolfed down, morning to night. This seemed daunting but was at least within my control. Trickier would be the hidden prompts: friends, family, WhatsApp groups, random people talking in the chip shop, TVs flickering in the corner of a pub. British people who give up drinking often remark that alcohol is entwined with all aspects of our culture; I can confirm that football is, too. Regardless, as 2022’s final bells rang out I decided to try it for six weeks – cold turkey – and see what happened. My phone vice is football, a cosmically pointless ballgame played by 22 humans that entered my life around the age of five. I started supporting Spurs, like my older brother James and my dad, and soon I became obsessed. I played (badly) until I was 15, then settled into a lifetime of armchair supporting. I’ve had a season ticket – along with my brother and dad – for 20 years; it has been a thread that tied us together. (My mum and other brother Ben managed to escape the Spurs bug – I often think they lucked out.) Diego Maradona  that “football isn’t a game, nor a sport; it’s a religion” and, for me at least, he’s right. I’ve often felt that I didn’t quite fit in with traditional models of masculinity: a bit fey and awkward, vegetarian, inept with a drill. Football became a way I could enter any group of lads and hold my own. Incessant football consumption not only fed a love of the game but also my sense of being a man. “In your case, every time you read a new football story or get something football-related on your phone, it gives you the dopamine hit. It’s a feelgood hormone,” says Sally Baker, a therapist, who serendipitously has an adult Spurs-supporting son. (“They cannot finish. It’s a thing. It drives me nuts,” she says, referring to Spurs’ tedious habit of losing in finals or semi-finals. The last time they won a major tournament, the FA Cup, I was six. Though we have won two League Cups in the meantime.) “Football is a thing of deep emotional involvement but also an intellectual pursuit for you. So you check all your different streams and by the time you’ve rotated through all of them, there’ll be new content coming up. It’s ultimately disappointing and doesn’t satisfy you,” Baker says. This habit, she suggests, is no different from compulsively checking Facebook. “If you’re doomscrolling at night, it tends to be because you’re feeling lonely and disconnected. In the morning, it tends to be about procrastination – delaying starting your day.” In my case, my brain would fizz when a new Tottenham article or podcast pinged on my phone. I tell Baker about how visceral this pleasure was. Jokingly, I use the word “orgasmic”. “The brain hormones released by great insight and connection to something you’re interested in are the same as those you get from porn,” Baker says. Would six weeks of zero football help me break the habit? Baker tells me that “psychologists differ, but they say it takes between 21 days and three months to have a complete reset”. Twitter’s dogged algorithm endeavoured to get Tottenham-related trending topics through my barricades but, after about a week in which I’d muted every known variation of #ConteOut (Antonio Conte, the Spurs manager, eventually left by “ ” on 26 March), I was, more or less, in a football-free zone. I unsubscribed from the podcasts that usually took up hours and hours of my week. (I had three on heavy rotation, plus a cache of secondary options with incrementally worse production values.) I archived a few WhatsApp groups where football was the main source of discourse. I deleted Instagram. I told some friends, and stayed away from others. When I went to pubs – carefully vetted to ensure they weren’t showing any matches – I messaged football-fixated acquaintances in advance to ask them to avoid discussing it. My family played along gamely – and my girlfriend Robyn, an Arsenal supporter, kept admirably quiet considering her own team was flying at the top of the league. I sailed through the first couple of weeks, feeling pretty smug. If a football segment came on the radio or TV, I’d start shouting “la la la’’ and frantically turn it off. I had to move seats on a bus because some kids were talking about Manchester United. I was totally committed. Instead of attending the north London derby (when Spurs play Arsenal) on 15 January, I completed my tax return and went to the pub next door to attend a wake for a dog called Liza. It was a nice thing that I wouldn’t have done otherwise. I started to think: am I actually happier without football? My life seemed simpler and less distracted. I started chewing through the second draft of a novel that had been taunting me from a Google Doc for 18 months. You may be aware of the psychological concept of “flow”: a deeply satisfying state of consciousness where we are fully absorbed in a singular activity that brings us pleasure. It could be gardening, crochet, playing marimba, Lego – anything. Those who manage to get regularly lost in a flow state – and I’m paraphrasing Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, who named   – experience higher levels of contentment. Yet our world of quick-fix dopamine rewards and distractions make it harder to focus on those flow states that will bring us joy. Starting my day without the usual array of football roundups, reports and features helped me get into a flow state with my book before I started work. Whenever I did, I felt good – calmer. My second draft got finished. It may never see even an Oxfam bookshelf, but it still made me really happy. I did notice that I craved football most when I was knackered or low. I almost lapsed when I caught Covid in early February: podcasts, especially the  , were something I really missed. I emailed its enviably upbeat host, Max Rushden. He supports Spurs and England, too, as well as Cambridge United, and decamped recently from the UK to Australia. I asked him whether it’s different supporting a team like Cambridge United, who have less chance of obtaining any of the game’s big titles; where the mantra “It’s the hope that kills you” doesn’t apply. He is quick to correct me about Spurs’ chances of winning anything, then says: “Genuinely, for me, football isn’t about winning things. Of course it’s about hope. But if it was about success, I and millions of fans would have given up years ago. It’s about all the other things: the match-day routine, the bond with your family and your mates.” It is this bond that I missed the most, and not discussing football with my dad just felt sad: there was a vacuum in our normal conversational repertoire. I had also essentially extricated myself from one group of football-obsessed mates I’ve known since I was a teenager – and missed one of their children’s birthday parties because I didn’t pick up the WhatsApp invite. The tenor of my weekend’s viewing also massively changed: less football, more Happy Valley or Friends. I came to think of breaking up with football like breaking up with a person: at first the memories of them are raw and everywhere, so you avoid the streets you used to walk. But, after a time, those triggers fade and you stop noticing them as much. (Also, eventually they get replaced – I swapped my bedtime football reading for bedtime restaurant reviews.) As time went on – and we moved towards my “coming out” day on 19 February, when I’d go back to my normal seat to watch Spurs v West Ham – I became gripped by a desire to see Harry Kane play, to know that he was all right after that penalty miss against France. I’d later find out that he had been totally fine, breaking Spurs’ all-time goal-scoring record in my absence. On the day of the game, I woke up sizzling with anxiety. In bed, I asked Robyn if Arsenal were still top of the league. They were, and I was happy. (Life’s too short for boring rivalries.) She said she’d missed football being a part of our lives, and we reminisced about our second date: going to watch Arsenal v Liverpool, snogging like teenagers in the corner of a grotty Brighton boozer. I met my brother outside the ground where he updated me on what I’d missed over the last six weeks. In the stadium, a moment I’d been obsessing over for weeks, it was hard to take it all in while posing for photographs for this piece in front of a stand of supporters – some of whom I’d known for over a decade – wondering just who the hell I thought I was. Nevertheless, Tottenham’s new(ish) stadium has a single 17,500-person South Stand: it’s like a diagonal sheet of humanity. I had forgotten how the sound rings celestially from pitch to roof when this disparate choir of loyal believers sings. And the game itself? Spurs played badly, then a bit better, then scored. James and I hugged. It did feel special. Most of all it was nice just hanging out with my brother, and talking about Harry Kane with strangers in the crowd who care as much as I do. I couldn’t wait to call my dad. Several weeks on, I check my phone much less – especially in the mornings, when I was most susceptible to the dopamine hit of football content – and the apps have remained deleted. Instead of football being a 24/7 semi-professional hobby, mainly carried out online, I’m focusing much more on the human connections. The truth is, my 25-hour unquenchable thirst had pulled me away from football’s greatest gift: like everything worth living for, it’s about people. 


After all these years, PSG still do not understand how to succeed at the top

“Trust the process” has been a popular refrain on social media this season. Arsenal were patient with Mikel Arteta and are now being rewarded. At PSG, the hope was that the arrival of Luís Campos as sporting advisor and the “end of bling-bling” culture – as president Nasser Al-Khelaifi put it – would produce a dramatic shift in the club’s fortunes. But was their new process ever worth trusting? PSG’s 1-0 home defeat to   on Sunday night was their eighth in 2023, having been undefeated under Christophe Galtier in 2022. The “hangover” their three forwards experienced after an emotionally draining World Cup has accelerated a downturn that had been under way for some time. Although an astute game-to-game strategist, Galtier is not tactically innovative enough to compete with the game’s leading managers. At his previous clubs – Nice, Lille and Saint-Étienne – he was adept at nullifying opponents but rarely at imposing his own ideas and outplaying rivals. Things are different at PSG. Galtier cannot wait for opponents to attack; he must build a side that is capable of picking apart the organised units he faces in  , while also being able to outsmart equally talented teams in Europe. Galtier’s plan amounts to little more than throwing   together and letting them figure it out for themselves. His 3-4-3 formation – which morphed into a 4-4-2 diamond before   in February – resulted in a disconnect between his three forwards, who effectively had free roles, and the rest of the team, who were organised in a way that made up for that largesse. Initially, with Neymar in unplayable form, their individual quality told. A strong Lille side were demolished 7-1 in August as PSG scored 17 goals in their first three games. The wins continued, but the team became increasingly unconvincing as coaches found ways of defending against such a one-dimensional side – much like Galtier would have done had he been up against his own team. PSG’s six domestic defeats since Christmas tell a story. All have come against Ligue 1’s better sides – Lyon, Rennes (twice), Monaco, Marseille and Lens – and PSG have lost the xG battle in five of them, showing they are not unlucky or random. PSG can still overwhelm weaker opponents but any team with a semblance of quality can, and will, hurt them. Their only creditable performance since the World Cup was a 3-0 win at Marseille in February. Although injuries and transfer market failings have not helped, Galtier has been rumbled and there seems to be nothing he can do about it. He has a workmanlike skillset and is unlikely to make it to next season. The real problem, however, is the misguided decision to appoint him, which was a product of the quasi-galácticos policy that has seen PSG tread water for much of the QSI reign. The club’s hierarchy has not yet realised that spending the most money to sign the best players to simply have more firepower than everyone else is not a reliable means of success in modern football. PSG’s process fails to appreciate that high-level football matches are now won in more nuanced ways. Most elite clubs have two things that PSG do not appear to consider important. Firstly, a trusted and tactically innovative coach. Lille 3-1 Lorient
 Angers 1-1 Nice
 Brest 3-1 Toulouse
 Clermont 2-1 Ajaccio
 Nantes 0-3 Reims
 Monaco 4-3 Strasbourg
 PSG 0-1 Lyon
 Auxerre 1-0 Troyes
 Rennes 0-1 Lens
 Marseille 1-1 Montpellier Unlike in the early 2000s, when Real Madrid enjoyed success with their galácticos – the spiritual godfathers of the current PSG team – top-level football is now a precise science informed by reams of data and widespread tactical innovation. To compete with Manchester City and the rest in 2023, PSG need to outthink and outmanoeuvre, rather than outmuscle or outspend. The former PSG coach Thomas Tuchel understood this, but tiresome internal politics, another failing, brought his reign to a premature end. The club has never truly trusted a coach with their project. Secondly, PSG need absolute buy-in from their squad. Their three forwards want the club to succeed but, especially in the case of Kylian Mbappé and Neymar, it has to be on their terms – and the club have repeatedly signalled that this is acceptable. For example, Mbappé’s infamous #pivotgang Instagram post last year – in which he complained about his more facilitatory role in the team – seems to have directly influenced Galtier’s thinking, contributing to the team’s downturn. The presence of Messi, Neymar and Mbappé is not a problem in itself; their lack of commitment to the team ethic is. Galtier’s appointment was born of these failings. With PSG prepared to offer Mbappé anything so he would sign a new contract last year, Campos’s name was reportedly mentioned by Mbappé as a possible sporting director. The club acquiesced. As shown by his role in Lille and Monaco’s recent title wins, Campos is a master at unearthing cheap talent and helping mid-size clubs overperform. Neither skill is of use to PSG. Campos in turn appointed Galtier, seemingly because he had worked with him before, despite a multitude of more suitable candidates being available. To his credit, despite producing a thin squad and signing an out-of-his-depth coach, Campos has at least brought some common sense to transfers and tried to push the club’s prolific but underused academy. The problem for PSG when compared to the resurgent Arsenal is that their process was barely worthy of trust from the start. Indeed, PSG fans often ask: “What process?” The appointment of Arteta made sense for the club’s reduced aims at that time, whereas Campos and Galtier feel out of place at the Parc des Princes and still owe their positions to the club’s characteristic “bling-bling” ideology. PSG may yet achieve their aims and win the Champions League in this guise, but it is unlikely. Campos may yet remould the club but there is little evidence to suggest he can or will, and the French media suggest his position is also under threat. Trusting in a modern, holistic, tactically innovative approach is what PSG need to do – but finding a process that breeds such trust is proving their most difficult task.  PSG’s defeat to Lyon, their second in a row, has opened up the Ligue 1 title race once more, with the gap to second cut to six points. However, Marseille failed to take full advantage, drawing 1-1 at home to Montpellier, who are now undefeated in seven games since the return of coach Michel Der Zakarian. Their upturn in form has taken them clear of the relegation battle. At the top, Lens are again PSG’s closest rivals after their third win in a row, an impressive 1-0 victory at Rennes. The top two meet in two weeks.  The wide-open Coupe de France resumes this week at the semi-final stage. Holders and relegation battlers Nantes, having impressively ousted Lens in the last eight, face an erratic Lyon side, who, despite beating PSG this weekend, are still ninth in Ligue 1. Mid-table Toulouse, meanwhile, are up against Ligue 2 minnows Annecy, who stunned Marseille at the Vélodrome last month. Lyon are desperate to win their first trophy in more than a decade and are now favourites, despite this being their worst campaign for some time.


‘Your talent will open doors’: the club in Qatar giving African players reason to dream

“Maintain your dignity, maintain your confidence, maintain your belief.” Robert Otiato has been training his Mazrouah FC players for the last two hours and, before everyone heads into the night, it is time for some final words. They have run themselves into the hard, pebbly ground but Otiato has a habit of making them feel 10 feet tall and every face in a tight-knit circle is fixed in his direction. “Your talent will open doors for you,” he tells them. “There is a vision. There is a future.” It has not always been easy to see one here, in a bleak and dusty expanse north-west of Doha. Life can be harsh for the workers whose accommodation sits 100 yards behind the pitch, and to which most of Otiato’s team return after the session. It feels a long way from their homes in different parts of Africa; they are in   to earn some money but, in their limited downtime, there are few ways to occupy body and mind. In January last year Otiato, a 28-year-old Kenyan with eloquent persuasive power, decided to do something about it. He arrived in Qatar almost two years ago, thinking he would be a waiter but instead being employed to load and unload trucks. In his homeland he was a successful goalkeeper for lower-league teams and coached an amateur side, but moving abroad made more economic sense than staying. He noticed the community had no organised outlet for those who wanted to play football. He also realised that he was surrounded by talented, hungry young players who still held hopes of progressing in the sport but had been offered little direction. Mazrouah, named after the area, was born. Today a squad of up to 30 trains six evenings a week; sometimes work intrudes but several players have been successful in persuading employers to accommodate their football when devising rotas. At the start Otiato had to clear rocks from the area to create a relatively safe playing space; there were also disputes with south Asian neighbours who used it for cricket. Now both parties have made room to play side by side and Mazrouah feel they have established a springboard for rapid progress. “We’re thinking about how we’re going to grow beyond this place,” Otiato says. “This is just the start of it.” Last year the club began playing friendlies against other migrant teams in Doha, gradually increasing the quality of opposition and holding their own. They entered two tournaments and in the second, the well-organised Barwa Champions League, reached the quarter-finals. Training is serious and impressively structured: Otiato, who says he studies the likes of Jürgen Klopp and Mikel Arteta, sets out cones and oversees a variety of drills. Then the team play an in-house game and the standard, considering the inhospitable location, is high. The keepers can dive fearlessly because carpet has been sourced to cover their goalmouths. Players contribute 50 riyals (£11) a month towards Mazrouah’s operation. The sum funds training materials, travel to away games and incentives such as trophies for individual excellence; it has also brought them their own kit, designed and printed via the friend of a player in Kenya. But the club is young and the fee to join Qatar’s best amateur setup, the Supreme Committee-run Community League, doubled this season to 4,000 riyals (£880). That was prohibitive so they are looking for a sponsor to help them participate and, in addition, find better facilities. Each of Otiato’s crew has a story. Wycliffe, one of his assistant coaches, was a leading referee in Kenya and in 2021 was named among the top three officials in its Super League. Now he works as a security guard at a resort in Doha. “I’ve got a family and couldn’t earn enough in Kenya,” he says. “But I love refereeing, it’s what I do best. If you can do it in Africa, you can do it anywhere. It’s my dream to referee at a   and I’m always optimistic, I pray the chance will come.” Mazrouah’s captain is Omar, a rangy midfielder with commanding presence on the ball. He arrived in Qatar after accepting a job offer cleaning at a golf club but his real motivation was to develop a football career that started in Kenya’s second tier. It was a setback to learn that, being clubless, he could only attempt to sign for a senior Qatari side once he had lived in the country for four years. Somebody purporting to be an agent offered to represent him but it did not feel right; he bobbed between other amateur teams for more than a year until being enticed to Mazrouah soon after their creation and winning a vote to lead the side. “I like bringing people together and think leadership is my thing,” he says. “I have a plan and I know one day I’ll be a professional player.” Hamy, a 20-year-old schemer who played for two clubs in Uganda, decided to seek work in Qatar because he felt inspired by the World Cup. He is a site officer at one of the gleaming skyscrapers being erected in Lusail, where the final was held, but prays to get his big footballing break. Daniel, a Ghanaian who works in security at a hotel, was an attacking right-back in his home country’s second division and hopes his ability will catch somebody’s attention. The same goes for the Zambians, Gambians and other nationalities who make up Mazrouah’s squad. But few eyes wander to an outpost like this and it is a gargantuan challenge, for young men who have arrived without professional guidance or experience in a leading academy, to make their fortunes this way. Otiato believes he is sitting on a well of untapped talent and is intent on giving it a platform. “We have players here who are capable of bigger things,” he says. “My aim is to lead this team from Africa, to Qatar, to beyond.” There are two other strands to his mission. He knows the importance of football when daily existence is so difficult. “Some of these guys come from very difficult backgrounds in Africa,” he says. “And in Qatar there is a lot of pressure: the living conditions are not great in some cases. But we don’t complain. I tell them this is a family and we are here to come together, fight and support each other.” He recounts the story of a player who required surgery for an industrial injury and was ready to leave Qatar, but opted to stay because of the connection he feels to Mazrouah. Otiato also wants Mazrouah to reach a financial position whereby they can regularly support people in their home countries. He wants to assist local teams and also fund education for those who need it, so that they can earn the qualifications that might help them work abroad. They have started by donating to two individuals in Kenya and Uganda but want to scale their assistance up: the point is to gaze forwards while taking care of their roots. Individually and collectively, there are ambitions here that give life fresh dimensions in an otherwise sterile situation. Otiato and his friends have created something from nothing in a place where none of them could ever have expected to pitch up. “These boys really love each other, I can tell you that,” he says. “When they come here, they know how much they are appreciated.”


How a wind-up convinced Maradona he could win World Cup on his own

Diego Maradona arrived in Mexico like a well-tuned violin. He had managed to stabilise his weight at 76kg long before the World Cup. His physical condition was optimal from the feet to the neck, and little by little he managed to acclimatise to the Aztec high habitat. The place chosen as the training camp was ideal for footballers – although they baptised it as Alcatraz, the famous American penitentiary located on a small island in the San Francisco Bay. They could perform the necessary exercises to adapt to the altitude, enjoy many hours of rest and sleep, a good diet and a relaxed, calm atmosphere. The coach Carlos Bilardo, who had rehearsed acclimatisation to the altitude with a group of players – although without Diego – in Tilcara, a town in the province of Jujuy located about 3,000m above sea level, also organised several training sessions at the time set for games, so the boys would also get used to the torrid heat of the Mexican summer. Diego trained with the team on the field, where Bilardo ordered his tactics and strategies. I was there as Diego’s personal trainer and, as in Naples, I worried about choosing what work to do so as not to overload Diego’s muscles. The Italian season had been very demanding and I couldn’t allow him to overtrain and reach the   with wet gunpowder, as had happened in Spain four years before. I also set out to motivate him, to help him free his mind from understandable hesitations, from the fears that stage fright can generate. One night, I decided it was time to adjust the last nut on that incredible 1.68m-tall football machine. I got to Diego’s room and found him on his bed, reading a magazine, lying on his back and with his legs bent. I said hello and only Pedro Pasculli, Diego’s roommate and former Argentinos Juniors teammate, answered. “The 10” continued, engrossed in reading. He didn’t answer me. I took advantage of his concentration to give Pedro a knowing wink, making him understand that I needed his collaboration. “How are you, Profe?” “How are you, Pedrito?” “Well, and you?” “The truth? I am perfect. Today was a great day, Pedro!” “Why? What happened?” “Today I realised that all these guys who came to be World Cup stars are in fact a bunch of cowards!” “Nooooo! Really?” “Believe me! In one of the newspapers, I read that Zico declared that he prefers a great performance from Brazil rather than his personal brilliance. Platini said more or less the same; Rummenigge, the identical music …” I made a deep, brief, deliberate silence. And I added: “And one I know …” I could not finish the sentence. Directly alluded to and beside himself, Diego, apparently concentrating on reading, flipped the magazine over and shouted at me: “But what do you think, fucking Blind [Signorini’s nickname], that this is as easy as you think?” Sign up to  The best of our sports journalism from the past seven days and a heads-up on the weekend’s action after newsletter promotion With a very calm voice and looking into his eyes, I replied: “Easy? Very easy I would say! God gives bread to those who have no teeth. If I had your conditions, you’d see!” He wanted to interrupt but I, pretending to be angry, raised my tone and concluded: “Convince yourself once and for all, pig head! If not, what the hell did we do everything we did for? If you decide, you win the World Cup alone. Understand it!” I did not say “pig head” in a derogatory sense: that is what tremendously noble guys with well-defined principles are called in  . Diego knew that I always spoke to him from affection and protection. I took two steps back, opened the door, and went to my room. As I walked down the corridor, I heard the loud insults that Diego dedicated to me resounding, combined with Pedrito’s laughter. The next day the press was authorised to enter the Club América campus and a cloud of journalists from all over the world invaded to talk with the boys. As always, Diego was the favourite prey of the reporters, among whom Bobby Charlton stood out, the unforgettable England midfielder and world champion in 1966. The   captain stood before the cameras and microphones with excellent humour. He answered all the questions with wit and determination. That night I stopped by his room and saw him excitedly playing cards with other guys, so I said hello and left. The next morning I got up for an early breakfast. At the bar, Jorge Valdano and the delegation’s cook, Julio Onieva, chatted animatedly. Scattered on a round table, the just-arrived newspapers were waiting. I started flipping through them until one headline made a huge impact on me. The title that headed a photograph of Diego with a huge smile announced: “Maradona opens the fire: ‘I will be the star of the World Cup.’” I experienced infinite pleasure. “Now we are ready,” I decreed. Today, when the outcome of the tournament is known and recognised, I must say that what followed was, for me, a fantastic experience that should be titled Chronicle of an Announced Victory. But, logically, no one could predict anything before the opening whistle against South Korea, at the Olympic in Mexico City; nor when that game ended, because the Koreans gave Diego so many kicks that I thought he was out of the World Cup in the first match. The most egregious blow came from Huh Jung-moo: within four minutes of the first half, Diego eluded two rivals, and Jung-Moo landed a terrifying kick in the knee. The Korean launched himself directly to destroy his opponent, without any intention of reaching the ball – if you don’t believe me, you can relive it thanks to YouTube. He would have deserved to go straight to jail, but Spanish referee Victoriano Sánchez Arminio didn’t even show him a yellow card. This is how Fifa cared for the skilled: with matches played at high altitude, during the midday of a hellish summer, without repressing criminal violence? Meanwhile, João Havelange, the guy who presided over Fifa at the time, filled his mouth with words like “show”, “sport” or “fair play”. Pure blah-blah. I don’t know how Diego recovered from that and another dozen blows, but in that match he provided three assists for Argentina to win 3-0: two to Valdano and one to Óscar Ruggeri. “The 10” seemed a beast as hungry as he was insatiable. The physical preparation and internal fire had made him an unstoppable bulldozer, who also threw rays of genius, like the goal that he scored against Italy. Frankly, I can’t find how to describe what he invented in Puebla. Valdano played a ball that seemed complicated and he turned it into a poem: flying into the rivals’ area, closely marked by the experienced defender Gaetano Scirea, Diego jumped over the corner of the small area and, in the air, as if suspended, he managed to get his left boot to caress the ball so that it passed away from goalkeeper Giovanni Galli. It seemed that the ball was going out, but no: it stung and twisted its course towards the net. How did he do it? No one could explain it. Not even he found a coherent justification.


Arsenal take on history and Liverpool voodoo with elusive title in sight

These days, for reasons of practicality as much as anything else, you very rarely see a team deciding to switch ends after the pre-match coin toss. But in 2018, in a Champions League quarter-final against Liverpool at Anfield, Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City did. In one of English football’s first recorded instances of a Pep overthink, City decided to switch ends to prevent Liverpool from being able to attack their favoured Kop end during the second half. Genius. Instead, Liverpool  Sitting on the City bench that night was assistant coach, Mikel Arteta, who had already endured his own harrowing Anfield experience a few years earlier. In 2014, Arsenal were still chasing that elusive league title when they visited Anfield for a Saturday 12.45pm kick-off. By 1.05pm they were 4-0 down, their gameplan in ruins, a sensory overload of red shirts and white noise having temporarily interrupted the function of their limbs. Arteta was Arsenal’s captain that day and would testify after   that he had never seen Arsène Wenger so angry. A few years later, Arteta would explain the sensation to Marca. “You say: ‘I don’t know what’s going on, stop the game please, because I don’t know where I am,’” he remembered. “At Anfield you can concede five without knowing. There is a word we use in Spain in cycling,  , when a cyclist looks amazing, then in one kilometre he goes boom, and looks like he’s struggling again. Suddenly I could only see red shirts flying around. The game is passing over me and I can’t react. I can’t do it emotionally, physically I can’t cope, everything goes too fast. I only had that feeling once in my career, and it was at Anfield.” Which if you’re an Arsenal fan is a particularly comforting paragraph to read the day before your team travel to Anfield in a game that may well decide the fate of the Premier League title. And of course Guardiola and Arteta are by no means the only ones to have encountered the Anfield ley lines and felt curiously moved by the experience. “The only place you don’t want to go,” Wenger once said of the place. “For 90 minutes, you live in hell,” said Étienne Capoue, whose Villarreal side were well beaten in   last year. And for all the confected mythology of the place, there is something uniquely menacing about the modern Anfield, with its steep stands and enforced intimacy, the first row of seats perched a few feet from the touchline. Like all big stadiums, it occasionally succumbs to indifference and tourist-driven apathy. But on certain days, when the noise walls you in like a prison, it becomes a sporting protagonist in its own right. “You feel small,” as Guardiola puts it. “It’s a bugger of a ground.” Speaking on Sky Sports last weekend, Gary Neville revealed that Alex Ferguson used to tell his Manchester United players that if they won at Anfield at this time of year, they would win the league. And over the years, that theory has been largely borne out. In the Premier League era Anfield has proven a kind of boss-level challenge for title-chasing teams, a test not just of gameplans but of guts, not just of mentality but mettle, not just of systems but self-control. Every contender to have conquered Anfield between February and May has gone on to win the league. For Ferguson’s United in 1993 and 1997, for Carlo Ancelotti’s Chelsea in 2010, for Guardiola’s City in 2021, victory at Anfield became a kind of fortifying moment, the point at which they began to convince themselves this thing was won. By the same token, Anfield has been where many title challenges have run aground: Kevin Keegan’s Newcastle in the famous 4-3 of 1996, Manuel Pellegrini’s Manchester City in 2015. Sign up to  Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football after newsletter promotion Only three clubs have lost at Anfield in the run-in and gone on to win the Premier League, all of whom could lean on mitigating circumstances. Manchester United were 13 points clear by the time they lost in 2001. Blackburn in 1995 were reprieved on the final day by United’s failure to win against West Ham. And in 2014 Manchester City’s choke at Anfield was ultimately superseded by Liverpool’s subsequent, elite, world-shattering choke against Chelsea and Crystal Palace. A couple of seasons ago, as shown in the All or Nothing documentary, Arteta tried a novel technique to prepare his players for the Anfield roar. He installed speakers alongside one of the training pitches and forced his players to train to the strains of You’ll Never Walk Alone. Arteta described it as “one of my crazy ideas” and after   it is an idea that has probably remained in storage. And given Liverpool’s form, the incoherence of their press, the porousness of their defence, there is an argument that even to acknowledge the Anfield voodoo is in many ways to self-prophesy it. At what point does all this become counterproductive?   have played themselves to the top of the Premier League by trusting the process, by treating every opponent with the equal amount of disrespect. Why throw all that out for a trip to the Premier League’s eighth-placed team? The counterpoint is that when you raise the stakes, you also raise the spoils. For all their travails this season Liverpool have remained tough to beat on home turf: just one defeat, both Manchester clubs conquered,  . Arsenal’s record there is particularly abject; win at Anfield for the first time in more than a decade and they will establish themselves not just as favourites but as presumptive champions. It’s just one game, three points. But for Arsenal – in both the literal and figurative sense – this means more.


From Haaland to Gordon: what happened to Next Generation 2017?

Talent spotting in football can be a brutal and precarious business. There are so many pitfalls on the way and a player who is outstanding at 16 may not make it for a variety of reasons: loss of form and/or confidence, injuries and a host of personal reasons. Every now and then, however, a player comes through who is so good that he or she seems destined to make it to the top. Erling Haaland – or Erling Braut Håland as he was known back then – is one of them. Of course, a serious injury could have derailed his career but he was one of those kids who stand out from an early age. Haaland was part of our Next Generation worldwide pick in 2017 and, as we look at how the players have got on in the past five years, he is the outstanding name on the list. Some would say he is the best player in the world (although that is a different discussion). In an excellent piece for  , Alf Ingve Berntsen, Haaland’s first coach at Bryne in Norway, pointed out that the environment the player grows up in also plays a part: “Having a safe and good environment, having Inge as a father, and being surrounded by his childhood friends has helped him a lot. Besides the influence of his father it was very important for him to grow up in a town like Bryne, a place where he didn’t have all the media attention that surrounds young footballers today. “If he had grown up in a big city – like Madrid, Paris or London – he would still have become a good player, because Erling always wanted to have fun and loved to train. But maybe in Bryne it is easier than in other cities to let young players grow up without pressure and enjoy football without taking it too seriously.” Hilariously, Berntsen says that Haaland was considered “too small and skinny” even at 15 and 16. It just shows that different players develop at different ages. But not even Michael Yokhin, who picked Haaland for our Next Generation 2017, or Berntsen, could have predicted quite how good the Norwegian would become. The stats, as we all know, are staggering. At Molde he scored  , at Red Bull Salzburg 29 in 27, at Dortmund 86 in 89 and he has started his Manchester City career with 14 in 10 games. But Haaland is far from the only player out of the 60 to have done well. Other players on the list are Alphonso Davies, Vinícius Júnior, Ferrán Torres, Jadon Sancho and Pedro Neto. In fact, 22 of the players have gone on to play for their country’s senior men’s team (it was 18 when we summarised the  ). We also pick 20 of the best talents at Premier League clubs each year, although here the age group varies slightly in that it is picked on players born between 1 September and 31 August in a certain year when they are first-year scholars. For Next Gen 2017 that meant that they had to be born between 1 September 2000 to 31 August 2001. This list had some outstanding players too, no more so than on Merseyside, Andy Hunter picked Anthony Gordon for Everton and Curtis Jones for Liverpool. Both have played more than 40 Premier League games for their clubs. Gordon stands at 56 and was the subject of several bids from Chelsea in the summer. This is what Andy wrote in 2017 about Gordon: Neither Gordon nor Jones tops the list for the most top-flight appearances made by the 20 players. That accolade goes to Ivan Ilic, who was at Manchester City at the time but has gone on to play 17 top-flight games in Serbia on loan at FK Zemun and 68 Serie A games for Hellas Verona – and he is still only 21. Other notable players on the Premier League list were Callum Hudson-Odoi, who is spending this season on loan at Bayer Leverkusen, and Nathan Collins, who signed for Wolves this summer for £20.5m, a record fee for an Irish player. Not everyone has stayed in England, several players following in Ilic’s footsteps and moving abroad, some to their home countries, such as Arnau Puigmal, who left Manchester United for Almería in 2021 and is playing in La Liga football for them. As always, there will be players who drop down the divisions or stop playing. Two players are in the seventh tier and one appears to be no longer in the game. What is a successful career? That is probably up to each individual to decide. One thing is for sure, however: there is no point in comparing anyone with Erling Haaland because that is only going to end badly. “He is a freak,” his international teammate Joshua King once said. “I have never seen anyone eat as much as he does. He eats like a bear.”


‘Will I be happier if I erase football from my life?’: how I went cold turkey and quit the beautiful game

What would you do with 25 hours of your life back, every single week? I wondered this after England lost in the men’s World Cup quarter-final in December last year. Through the fug of a festive hangover, memories of the previous evening flooded back: namely me, crying in the middle of a Christmas party, after Harry Kane skied an 84th-minute penalty against France. Prior to this game, my football consumption had been spiralling out of control. Whether I was watching a match, reading about it, listening to podcasts, tinkering with my fantasy league team or endlessly WhatsApp chatting, some fag-packet maths revealed I spent roughly 25 hours a week preoccupied by football. Football wasn’t always my primary focus – for example, when listening to podcasts while walking my dog. But it was still a lot. A full Earth rotation. On top of this, my almost 35 years as a   and England fan – both perennial nearly teams – had left me with a sense that the beautiful game invariably made me sad. I started to wonder whether I’d be happier if I erased football from my life and, as a bonus, got those 25 hours back. But to make such a detox worthwhile would require total, icy abstinence. So, no more games (at Spurs’ stadium or on television). No Match of the Day or Soccer Saturday. I’d have to cut off the flow of information from social media, and stop accessing the many football sources – news sites, podcasts, fantasy league – I slavishly wolfed down, morning to night. This seemed daunting but was at least within my control. Trickier would be the hidden prompts: friends, family, WhatsApp groups, random people talking in the chip shop, TVs flickering in the corner of a pub. British people who give up drinking often remark that alcohol is entwined with all aspects of our culture; I can confirm that football is, too. Regardless, as 2022’s final bells rang out I decided to try it for six weeks – cold turkey – and see what happened. My phone vice is football, a cosmically pointless ballgame played by 22 humans that entered my life around the age of five. I started supporting Spurs, like my older brother James and my dad, and soon I became obsessed. I played (badly) until I was 15, then settled into a lifetime of armchair supporting. I’ve had a season ticket – along with my brother and dad – for 20 years; it has been a thread that tied us together. (My mum and other brother Ben managed to escape the Spurs bug – I often think they lucked out.) Diego Maradona  that “football isn’t a game, nor a sport; it’s a religion” and, for me at least, he’s right. I’ve often felt that I didn’t quite fit in with traditional models of masculinity: a bit fey and awkward, vegetarian, inept with a drill. Football became a way I could enter any group of lads and hold my own. Incessant football consumption not only fed a love of the game but also my sense of being a man. “In your case, every time you read a new football story or get something football-related on your phone, it gives you the dopamine hit. It’s a feelgood hormone,” says Sally Baker, a therapist, who serendipitously has an adult Spurs-supporting son. (“They cannot finish. It’s a thing. It drives me nuts,” she says, referring to Spurs’ tedious habit of losing in finals or semi-finals. The last time they won a major tournament, the FA Cup, I was six. Though we have won two League Cups in the meantime.) “Football is a thing of deep emotional involvement but also an intellectual pursuit for you. So you check all your different streams and by the time you’ve rotated through all of them, there’ll be new content coming up. It’s ultimately disappointing and doesn’t satisfy you,” Baker says. This habit, she suggests, is no different from compulsively checking Facebook. “If you’re doomscrolling at night, it tends to be because you’re feeling lonely and disconnected. In the morning, it tends to be about procrastination – delaying starting your day.” In my case, my brain would fizz when a new Tottenham article or podcast pinged on my phone. I tell Baker about how visceral this pleasure was. Jokingly, I use the word “orgasmic”. “The brain hormones released by great insight and connection to something you’re interested in are the same as those you get from porn,” Baker says. Would six weeks of zero football help me break the habit? Baker tells me that “psychologists differ, but they say it takes between 21 days and three months to have a complete reset”. Twitter’s dogged algorithm endeavoured to get Tottenham-related trending topics through my barricades but, after about a week in which I’d muted every known variation of #ConteOut (Antonio Conte, the Spurs manager, eventually left by “ ” on 26 March), I was, more or less, in a football-free zone. I unsubscribed from the podcasts that usually took up hours and hours of my week. (I had three on heavy rotation, plus a cache of secondary options with incrementally worse production values.) I archived a few WhatsApp groups where football was the main source of discourse. I deleted Instagram. I told some friends, and stayed away from others. When I went to pubs – carefully vetted to ensure they weren’t showing any matches – I messaged football-fixated acquaintances in advance to ask them to avoid discussing it. My family played along gamely – and my girlfriend Robyn, an Arsenal supporter, kept admirably quiet considering her own team was flying at the top of the league. I sailed through the first couple of weeks, feeling pretty smug. If a football segment came on the radio or TV, I’d start shouting “la la la’’ and frantically turn it off. I had to move seats on a bus because some kids were talking about Manchester United. I was totally committed. Instead of attending the north London derby (when Spurs play Arsenal) on 15 January, I completed my tax return and went to the pub next door to attend a wake for a dog called Liza. It was a nice thing that I wouldn’t have done otherwise. I started to think: am I actually happier without football? My life seemed simpler and less distracted. I started chewing through the second draft of a novel that had been taunting me from a Google Doc for 18 months. You may be aware of the psychological concept of “flow”: a deeply satisfying state of consciousness where we are fully absorbed in a singular activity that brings us pleasure. It could be gardening, crochet, playing marimba, Lego – anything. Those who manage to get regularly lost in a flow state – and I’m paraphrasing Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, who named   – experience higher levels of contentment. Yet our world of quick-fix dopamine rewards and distractions make it harder to focus on those flow states that will bring us joy. Starting my day without the usual array of football roundups, reports and features helped me get into a flow state with my book before I started work. Whenever I did, I felt good – calmer. My second draft got finished. It may never see even an Oxfam bookshelf, but it still made me really happy. I did notice that I craved football most when I was knackered or low. I almost lapsed when I caught Covid in early February: podcasts, especially the  , were something I really missed. I emailed its enviably upbeat host, Max Rushden. He supports Spurs and England, too, as well as Cambridge United, and decamped recently from the UK to Australia. I asked him whether it’s different supporting a team like Cambridge United, who have less chance of obtaining any of the game’s big titles; where the mantra “It’s the hope that kills you” doesn’t apply. He is quick to correct me about Spurs’ chances of winning anything, then says: “Genuinely, for me, football isn’t about winning things. Of course it’s about hope. But if it was about success, I and millions of fans would have given up years ago. It’s about all the other things: the match-day routine, the bond with your family and your mates.” It is this bond that I missed the most, and not discussing football with my dad just felt sad: there was a vacuum in our normal conversational repertoire. I had also essentially extricated myself from one group of football-obsessed mates I’ve known since I was a teenager – and missed one of their children’s birthday parties because I didn’t pick up the WhatsApp invite. The tenor of my weekend’s viewing also massively changed: less football, more Happy Valley or Friends. I came to think of breaking up with football like breaking up with a person: at first the memories of them are raw and everywhere, so you avoid the streets you used to walk. But, after a time, those triggers fade and you stop noticing them as much. (Also, eventually they get replaced – I swapped my bedtime football reading for bedtime restaurant reviews.) As time went on – and we moved towards my “coming out” day on 19 February, when I’d go back to my normal seat to watch Spurs v West Ham – I became gripped by a desire to see Harry Kane play, to know that he was all right after that penalty miss against France. I’d later find out that he had been totally fine, breaking Spurs’ all-time goal-scoring record in my absence. On the day of the game, I woke up sizzling with anxiety. In bed, I asked Robyn if Arsenal were still top of the league. They were, and I was happy. (Life’s too short for boring rivalries.) She said she’d missed football being a part of our lives, and we reminisced about our second date: going to watch Arsenal v Liverpool, snogging like teenagers in the corner of a grotty Brighton boozer. I met my brother outside the ground where he updated me on what I’d missed over the last six weeks. In the stadium, a moment I’d been obsessing over for weeks, it was hard to take it all in while posing for photographs for this piece in front of a stand of supporters – some of whom I’d known for over a decade – wondering just who the hell I thought I was. Nevertheless, Tottenham’s new(ish) stadium has a single 17,500-person South Stand: it’s like a diagonal sheet of humanity. I had forgotten how the sound rings celestially from pitch to roof when this disparate choir of loyal believers sings. And the game itself? Spurs played badly, then a bit better, then scored. James and I hugged. It did feel special. Most of all it was nice just hanging out with my brother, and talking about Harry Kane with strangers in the crowd who care as much as I do. I couldn’t wait to call my dad. Several weeks on, I check my phone much less – especially in the mornings, when I was most susceptible to the dopamine hit of football content – and the apps have remained deleted. Instead of football being a 24/7 semi-professional hobby, mainly carried out online, I’m focusing much more on the human connections. The truth is, my 25-hour unquenchable thirst had pulled me away from football’s greatest gift: like everything worth living for, it’s about people. 


After all these years, PSG still do not understand how to succeed at the top

“Trust the process” has been a popular refrain on social media this season. Arsenal were patient with Mikel Arteta and are now being rewarded. At PSG, the hope was that the arrival of Luís Campos as sporting advisor and the “end of bling-bling” culture – as president Nasser Al-Khelaifi put it – would produce a dramatic shift in the club’s fortunes. But was their new process ever worth trusting? PSG’s 1-0 home defeat to   on Sunday night was their eighth in 2023, having been undefeated under Christophe Galtier in 2022. The “hangover” their three forwards experienced after an emotionally draining World Cup has accelerated a downturn that had been under way for some time. Although an astute game-to-game strategist, Galtier is not tactically innovative enough to compete with the game’s leading managers. At his previous clubs – Nice, Lille and Saint-Étienne – he was adept at nullifying opponents but rarely at imposing his own ideas and outplaying rivals. Things are different at PSG. Galtier cannot wait for opponents to attack; he must build a side that is capable of picking apart the organised units he faces in  , while also being able to outsmart equally talented teams in Europe. Galtier’s plan amounts to little more than throwing   together and letting them figure it out for themselves. His 3-4-3 formation – which morphed into a 4-4-2 diamond before   in February – resulted in a disconnect between his three forwards, who effectively had free roles, and the rest of the team, who were organised in a way that made up for that largesse. Initially, with Neymar in unplayable form, their individual quality told. A strong Lille side were demolished 7-1 in August as PSG scored 17 goals in their first three games. The wins continued, but the team became increasingly unconvincing as coaches found ways of defending against such a one-dimensional side – much like Galtier would have done had he been up against his own team. PSG’s six domestic defeats since Christmas tell a story. All have come against Ligue 1’s better sides – Lyon, Rennes (twice), Monaco, Marseille and Lens – and PSG have lost the xG battle in five of them, showing they are not unlucky or random. PSG can still overwhelm weaker opponents but any team with a semblance of quality can, and will, hurt them. Their only creditable performance since the World Cup was a 3-0 win at Marseille in February. Although injuries and transfer market failings have not helped, Galtier has been rumbled and there seems to be nothing he can do about it. He has a workmanlike skillset and is unlikely to make it to next season. The real problem, however, is the misguided decision to appoint him, which was a product of the quasi-galácticos policy that has seen PSG tread water for much of the QSI reign. The club’s hierarchy has not yet realised that spending the most money to sign the best players to simply have more firepower than everyone else is not a reliable means of success in modern football. PSG’s process fails to appreciate that high-level football matches are now won in more nuanced ways. Most elite clubs have two things that PSG do not appear to consider important. Firstly, a trusted and tactically innovative coach. Lille 3-1 Lorient
 Angers 1-1 Nice
 Brest 3-1 Toulouse
 Clermont 2-1 Ajaccio
 Nantes 0-3 Reims
 Monaco 4-3 Strasbourg
 PSG 0-1 Lyon
 Auxerre 1-0 Troyes
 Rennes 0-1 Lens
 Marseille 1-1 Montpellier Unlike in the early 2000s, when Real Madrid enjoyed success with their galácticos – the spiritual godfathers of the current PSG team – top-level football is now a precise science informed by reams of data and widespread tactical innovation. To compete with Manchester City and the rest in 2023, PSG need to outthink and outmanoeuvre, rather than outmuscle or outspend. The former PSG coach Thomas Tuchel understood this, but tiresome internal politics, another failing, brought his reign to a premature end. The club has never truly trusted a coach with their project. Secondly, PSG need absolute buy-in from their squad. Their three forwards want the club to succeed but, especially in the case of Kylian Mbappé and Neymar, it has to be on their terms – and the club have repeatedly signalled that this is acceptable. For example, Mbappé’s infamous #pivotgang Instagram post last year – in which he complained about his more facilitatory role in the team – seems to have directly influenced Galtier’s thinking, contributing to the team’s downturn. The presence of Messi, Neymar and Mbappé is not a problem in itself; their lack of commitment to the team ethic is. Galtier’s appointment was born of these failings. With PSG prepared to offer Mbappé anything so he would sign a new contract last year, Campos’s name was reportedly mentioned by Mbappé as a possible sporting director. The club acquiesced. As shown by his role in Lille and Monaco’s recent title wins, Campos is a master at unearthing cheap talent and helping mid-size clubs overperform. Neither skill is of use to PSG. Campos in turn appointed Galtier, seemingly because he had worked with him before, despite a multitude of more suitable candidates being available. To his credit, despite producing a thin squad and signing an out-of-his-depth coach, Campos has at least brought some common sense to transfers and tried to push the club’s prolific but underused academy. The problem for PSG when compared to the resurgent Arsenal is that their process was barely worthy of trust from the start. Indeed, PSG fans often ask: “What process?” The appointment of Arteta made sense for the club’s reduced aims at that time, whereas Campos and Galtier feel out of place at the Parc des Princes and still owe their positions to the club’s characteristic “bling-bling” ideology. PSG may yet achieve their aims and win the Champions League in this guise, but it is unlikely. Campos may yet remould the club but there is little evidence to suggest he can or will, and the French media suggest his position is also under threat. Trusting in a modern, holistic, tactically innovative approach is what PSG need to do – but finding a process that breeds such trust is proving their most difficult task.  PSG’s defeat to Lyon, their second in a row, has opened up the Ligue 1 title race once more, with the gap to second cut to six points. However, Marseille failed to take full advantage, drawing 1-1 at home to Montpellier, who are now undefeated in seven games since the return of coach Michel Der Zakarian. Their upturn in form has taken them clear of the relegation battle. At the top, Lens are again PSG’s closest rivals after their third win in a row, an impressive 1-0 victory at Rennes. The top two meet in two weeks.  The wide-open Coupe de France resumes this week at the semi-final stage. Holders and relegation battlers Nantes, having impressively ousted Lens in the last eight, face an erratic Lyon side, who, despite beating PSG this weekend, are still ninth in Ligue 1. Mid-table Toulouse, meanwhile, are up against Ligue 2 minnows Annecy, who stunned Marseille at the Vélodrome last month. Lyon are desperate to win their first trophy in more than a decade and are now favourites, despite this being their worst campaign for some time.


‘Your talent will open doors’: the club in Qatar giving African players reason to dream

“Maintain your dignity, maintain your confidence, maintain your belief.” Robert Otiato has been training his Mazrouah FC players for the last two hours and, before everyone heads into the night, it is time for some final words. They have run themselves into the hard, pebbly ground but Otiato has a habit of making them feel 10 feet tall and every face in a tight-knit circle is fixed in his direction. “Your talent will open doors for you,” he tells them. “There is a vision. There is a future.” It has not always been easy to see one here, in a bleak and dusty expanse north-west of Doha. Life can be harsh for the workers whose accommodation sits 100 yards behind the pitch, and to which most of Otiato’s team return after the session. It feels a long way from their homes in different parts of Africa; they are in   to earn some money but, in their limited downtime, there are few ways to occupy body and mind. In January last year Otiato, a 28-year-old Kenyan with eloquent persuasive power, decided to do something about it. He arrived in Qatar almost two years ago, thinking he would be a waiter but instead being employed to load and unload trucks. In his homeland he was a successful goalkeeper for lower-league teams and coached an amateur side, but moving abroad made more economic sense than staying. He noticed the community had no organised outlet for those who wanted to play football. He also realised that he was surrounded by talented, hungry young players who still held hopes of progressing in the sport but had been offered little direction. Mazrouah, named after the area, was born. Today a squad of up to 30 trains six evenings a week; sometimes work intrudes but several players have been successful in persuading employers to accommodate their football when devising rotas. At the start Otiato had to clear rocks from the area to create a relatively safe playing space; there were also disputes with south Asian neighbours who used it for cricket. Now both parties have made room to play side by side and Mazrouah feel they have established a springboard for rapid progress. “We’re thinking about how we’re going to grow beyond this place,” Otiato says. “This is just the start of it.” Last year the club began playing friendlies against other migrant teams in Doha, gradually increasing the quality of opposition and holding their own. They entered two tournaments and in the second, the well-organised Barwa Champions League, reached the quarter-finals. Training is serious and impressively structured: Otiato, who says he studies the likes of Jürgen Klopp and Mikel Arteta, sets out cones and oversees a variety of drills. Then the team play an in-house game and the standard, considering the inhospitable location, is high. The keepers can dive fearlessly because carpet has been sourced to cover their goalmouths. Players contribute 50 riyals (£11) a month towards Mazrouah’s operation. The sum funds training materials, travel to away games and incentives such as trophies for individual excellence; it has also brought them their own kit, designed and printed via the friend of a player in Kenya. But the club is young and the fee to join Qatar’s best amateur setup, the Supreme Committee-run Community League, doubled this season to 4,000 riyals (£880). That was prohibitive so they are looking for a sponsor to help them participate and, in addition, find better facilities. Each of Otiato’s crew has a story. Wycliffe, one of his assistant coaches, was a leading referee in Kenya and in 2021 was named among the top three officials in its Super League. Now he works as a security guard at a resort in Doha. “I’ve got a family and couldn’t earn enough in Kenya,” he says. “But I love refereeing, it’s what I do best. If you can do it in Africa, you can do it anywhere. It’s my dream to referee at a   and I’m always optimistic, I pray the chance will come.” Mazrouah’s captain is Omar, a rangy midfielder with commanding presence on the ball. He arrived in Qatar after accepting a job offer cleaning at a golf club but his real motivation was to develop a football career that started in Kenya’s second tier. It was a setback to learn that, being clubless, he could only attempt to sign for a senior Qatari side once he had lived in the country for four years. Somebody purporting to be an agent offered to represent him but it did not feel right; he bobbed between other amateur teams for more than a year until being enticed to Mazrouah soon after their creation and winning a vote to lead the side. “I like bringing people together and think leadership is my thing,” he says. “I have a plan and I know one day I’ll be a professional player.” Hamy, a 20-year-old schemer who played for two clubs in Uganda, decided to seek work in Qatar because he felt inspired by the World Cup. He is a site officer at one of the gleaming skyscrapers being erected in Lusail, where the final was held, but prays to get his big footballing break. Daniel, a Ghanaian who works in security at a hotel, was an attacking right-back in his home country’s second division and hopes his ability will catch somebody’s attention. The same goes for the Zambians, Gambians and other nationalities who make up Mazrouah’s squad. But few eyes wander to an outpost like this and it is a gargantuan challenge, for young men who have arrived without professional guidance or experience in a leading academy, to make their fortunes this way. Otiato believes he is sitting on a well of untapped talent and is intent on giving it a platform. “We have players here who are capable of bigger things,” he says. “My aim is to lead this team from Africa, to Qatar, to beyond.” There are two other strands to his mission. He knows the importance of football when daily existence is so difficult. “Some of these guys come from very difficult backgrounds in Africa,” he says. “And in Qatar there is a lot of pressure: the living conditions are not great in some cases. But we don’t complain. I tell them this is a family and we are here to come together, fight and support each other.” He recounts the story of a player who required surgery for an industrial injury and was ready to leave Qatar, but opted to stay because of the connection he feels to Mazrouah. Otiato also wants Mazrouah to reach a financial position whereby they can regularly support people in their home countries. He wants to assist local teams and also fund education for those who need it, so that they can earn the qualifications that might help them work abroad. They have started by donating to two individuals in Kenya and Uganda but want to scale their assistance up: the point is to gaze forwards while taking care of their roots. Individually and collectively, there are ambitions here that give life fresh dimensions in an otherwise sterile situation. Otiato and his friends have created something from nothing in a place where none of them could ever have expected to pitch up. “These boys really love each other, I can tell you that,” he says. “When they come here, they know how much they are appreciated.”


How a wind-up convinced Maradona he could win World Cup on his own

Diego Maradona arrived in Mexico like a well-tuned violin. He had managed to stabilise his weight at 76kg long before the World Cup. His physical condition was optimal from the feet to the neck, and little by little he managed to acclimatise to the Aztec high habitat. The place chosen as the training camp was ideal for footballers – although they baptised it as Alcatraz, the famous American penitentiary located on a small island in the San Francisco Bay. They could perform the necessary exercises to adapt to the altitude, enjoy many hours of rest and sleep, a good diet and a relaxed, calm atmosphere. The coach Carlos Bilardo, who had rehearsed acclimatisation to the altitude with a group of players – although without Diego – in Tilcara, a town in the province of Jujuy located about 3,000m above sea level, also organised several training sessions at the time set for games, so the boys would also get used to the torrid heat of the Mexican summer. Diego trained with the team on the field, where Bilardo ordered his tactics and strategies. I was there as Diego’s personal trainer and, as in Naples, I worried about choosing what work to do so as not to overload Diego’s muscles. The Italian season had been very demanding and I couldn’t allow him to overtrain and reach the   with wet gunpowder, as had happened in Spain four years before. I also set out to motivate him, to help him free his mind from understandable hesitations, from the fears that stage fright can generate. One night, I decided it was time to adjust the last nut on that incredible 1.68m-tall football machine. I got to Diego’s room and found him on his bed, reading a magazine, lying on his back and with his legs bent. I said hello and only Pedro Pasculli, Diego’s roommate and former Argentinos Juniors teammate, answered. “The 10” continued, engrossed in reading. He didn’t answer me. I took advantage of his concentration to give Pedro a knowing wink, making him understand that I needed his collaboration. “How are you, Profe?” “How are you, Pedrito?” “Well, and you?” “The truth? I am perfect. Today was a great day, Pedro!” “Why? What happened?” “Today I realised that all these guys who came to be World Cup stars are in fact a bunch of cowards!” “Nooooo! Really?” “Believe me! In one of the newspapers, I read that Zico declared that he prefers a great performance from Brazil rather than his personal brilliance. Platini said more or less the same; Rummenigge, the identical music …” I made a deep, brief, deliberate silence. And I added: “And one I know …” I could not finish the sentence. Directly alluded to and beside himself, Diego, apparently concentrating on reading, flipped the magazine over and shouted at me: “But what do you think, fucking Blind [Signorini’s nickname], that this is as easy as you think?” Sign up to  The best of our sports journalism from the past seven days and a heads-up on the weekend’s action after newsletter promotion With a very calm voice and looking into his eyes, I replied: “Easy? Very easy I would say! God gives bread to those who have no teeth. If I had your conditions, you’d see!” He wanted to interrupt but I, pretending to be angry, raised my tone and concluded: “Convince yourself once and for all, pig head! If not, what the hell did we do everything we did for? If you decide, you win the World Cup alone. Understand it!” I did not say “pig head” in a derogatory sense: that is what tremendously noble guys with well-defined principles are called in  . Diego knew that I always spoke to him from affection and protection. I took two steps back, opened the door, and went to my room. As I walked down the corridor, I heard the loud insults that Diego dedicated to me resounding, combined with Pedrito’s laughter. The next day the press was authorised to enter the Club América campus and a cloud of journalists from all over the world invaded to talk with the boys. As always, Diego was the favourite prey of the reporters, among whom Bobby Charlton stood out, the unforgettable England midfielder and world champion in 1966. The   captain stood before the cameras and microphones with excellent humour. He answered all the questions with wit and determination. That night I stopped by his room and saw him excitedly playing cards with other guys, so I said hello and left. The next morning I got up for an early breakfast. At the bar, Jorge Valdano and the delegation’s cook, Julio Onieva, chatted animatedly. Scattered on a round table, the just-arrived newspapers were waiting. I started flipping through them until one headline made a huge impact on me. The title that headed a photograph of Diego with a huge smile announced: “Maradona opens the fire: ‘I will be the star of the World Cup.’” I experienced infinite pleasure. “Now we are ready,” I decreed. Today, when the outcome of the tournament is known and recognised, I must say that what followed was, for me, a fantastic experience that should be titled Chronicle of an Announced Victory. But, logically, no one could predict anything before the opening whistle against South Korea, at the Olympic in Mexico City; nor when that game ended, because the Koreans gave Diego so many kicks that I thought he was out of the World Cup in the first match. The most egregious blow came from Huh Jung-moo: within four minutes of the first half, Diego eluded two rivals, and Jung-Moo landed a terrifying kick in the knee. The Korean launched himself directly to destroy his opponent, without any intention of reaching the ball – if you don’t believe me, you can relive it thanks to YouTube. He would have deserved to go straight to jail, but Spanish referee Victoriano Sánchez Arminio didn’t even show him a yellow card. This is how Fifa cared for the skilled: with matches played at high altitude, during the midday of a hellish summer, without repressing criminal violence? Meanwhile, João Havelange, the guy who presided over Fifa at the time, filled his mouth with words like “show”, “sport” or “fair play”. Pure blah-blah. I don’t know how Diego recovered from that and another dozen blows, but in that match he provided three assists for Argentina to win 3-0: two to Valdano and one to Óscar Ruggeri. “The 10” seemed a beast as hungry as he was insatiable. The physical preparation and internal fire had made him an unstoppable bulldozer, who also threw rays of genius, like the goal that he scored against Italy. Frankly, I can’t find how to describe what he invented in Puebla. Valdano played a ball that seemed complicated and he turned it into a poem: flying into the rivals’ area, closely marked by the experienced defender Gaetano Scirea, Diego jumped over the corner of the small area and, in the air, as if suspended, he managed to get his left boot to caress the ball so that it passed away from goalkeeper Giovanni Galli. It seemed that the ball was going out, but no: it stung and twisted its course towards the net. How did he do it? No one could explain it. Not even he found a coherent justification.


Arsenal take on history and Liverpool voodoo with elusive title in sight

These days, for reasons of practicality as much as anything else, you very rarely see a team deciding to switch ends after the pre-match coin toss. But in 2018, in a Champions League quarter-final against Liverpool at Anfield, Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City did. In one of English football’s first recorded instances of a Pep overthink, City decided to switch ends to prevent Liverpool from being able to attack their favoured Kop end during the second half. Genius. Instead, Liverpool  Sitting on the City bench that night was assistant coach, Mikel Arteta, who had already endured his own harrowing Anfield experience a few years earlier. In 2014, Arsenal were still chasing that elusive league title when they visited Anfield for a Saturday 12.45pm kick-off. By 1.05pm they were 4-0 down, their gameplan in ruins, a sensory overload of red shirts and white noise having temporarily interrupted the function of their limbs. Arteta was Arsenal’s captain that day and would testify after   that he had never seen Arsène Wenger so angry. A few years later, Arteta would explain the sensation to Marca. “You say: ‘I don’t know what’s going on, stop the game please, because I don’t know where I am,’” he remembered. “At Anfield you can concede five without knowing. There is a word we use in Spain in cycling,  , when a cyclist looks amazing, then in one kilometre he goes boom, and looks like he’s struggling again. Suddenly I could only see red shirts flying around. The game is passing over me and I can’t react. I can’t do it emotionally, physically I can’t cope, everything goes too fast. I only had that feeling once in my career, and it was at Anfield.” Which if you’re an Arsenal fan is a particularly comforting paragraph to read the day before your team travel to Anfield in a game that may well decide the fate of the Premier League title. And of course Guardiola and Arteta are by no means the only ones to have encountered the Anfield ley lines and felt curiously moved by the experience. “The only place you don’t want to go,” Wenger once said of the place. “For 90 minutes, you live in hell,” said Étienne Capoue, whose Villarreal side were well beaten in   last year. And for all the confected mythology of the place, there is something uniquely menacing about the modern Anfield, with its steep stands and enforced intimacy, the first row of seats perched a few feet from the touchline. Like all big stadiums, it occasionally succumbs to indifference and tourist-driven apathy. But on certain days, when the noise walls you in like a prison, it becomes a sporting protagonist in its own right. “You feel small,” as Guardiola puts it. “It’s a bugger of a ground.” Speaking on Sky Sports last weekend, Gary Neville revealed that Alex Ferguson used to tell his Manchester United players that if they won at Anfield at this time of year, they would win the league. And over the years, that theory has been largely borne out. In the Premier League era Anfield has proven a kind of boss-level challenge for title-chasing teams, a test not just of gameplans but of guts, not just of mentality but mettle, not just of systems but self-control. Every contender to have conquered Anfield between February and May has gone on to win the league. For Ferguson’s United in 1993 and 1997, for Carlo Ancelotti’s Chelsea in 2010, for Guardiola’s City in 2021, victory at Anfield became a kind of fortifying moment, the point at which they began to convince themselves this thing was won. By the same token, Anfield has been where many title challenges have run aground: Kevin Keegan’s Newcastle in the famous 4-3 of 1996, Manuel Pellegrini’s Manchester City in 2015. Sign up to  Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football after newsletter promotion Only three clubs have lost at Anfield in the run-in and gone on to win the Premier League, all of whom could lean on mitigating circumstances. Manchester United were 13 points clear by the time they lost in 2001. Blackburn in 1995 were reprieved on the final day by United’s failure to win against West Ham. And in 2014 Manchester City’s choke at Anfield was ultimately superseded by Liverpool’s subsequent, elite, world-shattering choke against Chelsea and Crystal Palace. A couple of seasons ago, as shown in the All or Nothing documentary, Arteta tried a novel technique to prepare his players for the Anfield roar. He installed speakers alongside one of the training pitches and forced his players to train to the strains of You’ll Never Walk Alone. Arteta described it as “one of my crazy ideas” and after   it is an idea that has probably remained in storage. And given Liverpool’s form, the incoherence of their press, the porousness of their defence, there is an argument that even to acknowledge the Anfield voodoo is in many ways to self-prophesy it. At what point does all this become counterproductive?   have played themselves to the top of the Premier League by trusting the process, by treating every opponent with the equal amount of disrespect. Why throw all that out for a trip to the Premier League’s eighth-placed team? The counterpoint is that when you raise the stakes, you also raise the spoils. For all their travails this season Liverpool have remained tough to beat on home turf: just one defeat, both Manchester clubs conquered,  . Arsenal’s record there is particularly abject; win at Anfield for the first time in more than a decade and they will establish themselves not just as favourites but as presumptive champions. It’s just one game, three points. But for Arsenal – in both the literal and figurative sense – this means more.


From Haaland to Gordon: what happened to Next Generation 2017?

Talent spotting in football can be a brutal and precarious business. There are so many pitfalls on the way and a player who is outstanding at 16 may not make it for a variety of reasons: loss of form and/or confidence, injuries and a host of personal reasons. Every now and then, however, a player comes through who is so good that he or she seems destined to make it to the top. Erling Haaland – or Erling Braut Håland as he was known back then – is one of them. Of course, a serious injury could have derailed his career but he was one of those kids who stand out from an early age. Haaland was part of our Next Generation worldwide pick in 2017 and, as we look at how the players have got on in the past five years, he is the outstanding name on the list. Some would say he is the best player in the world (although that is a different discussion). In an excellent piece for  , Alf Ingve Berntsen, Haaland’s first coach at Bryne in Norway, pointed out that the environment the player grows up in also plays a part: “Having a safe and good environment, having Inge as a father, and being surrounded by his childhood friends has helped him a lot. Besides the influence of his father it was very important for him to grow up in a town like Bryne, a place where he didn’t have all the media attention that surrounds young footballers today. “If he had grown up in a big city – like Madrid, Paris or London – he would still have become a good player, because Erling always wanted to have fun and loved to train. But maybe in Bryne it is easier than in other cities to let young players grow up without pressure and enjoy football without taking it too seriously.” Hilariously, Berntsen says that Haaland was considered “too small and skinny” even at 15 and 16. It just shows that different players develop at different ages. But not even Michael Yokhin, who picked Haaland for our Next Generation 2017, or Berntsen, could have predicted quite how good the Norwegian would become. The stats, as we all know, are staggering. At Molde he scored  , at Red Bull Salzburg 29 in 27, at Dortmund 86 in 89 and he has started his Manchester City career with 14 in 10 games. But Haaland is far from the only player out of the 60 to have done well. Other players on the list are Alphonso Davies, Vinícius Júnior, Ferrán Torres, Jadon Sancho and Pedro Neto. In fact, 22 of the players have gone on to play for their country’s senior men’s team (it was 18 when we summarised the  ). We also pick 20 of the best talents at Premier League clubs each year, although here the age group varies slightly in that it is picked on players born between 1 September and 31 August in a certain year when they are first-year scholars. For Next Gen 2017 that meant that they had to be born between 1 September 2000 to 31 August 2001. This list had some outstanding players too, no more so than on Merseyside, Andy Hunter picked Anthony Gordon for Everton and Curtis Jones for Liverpool. Both have played more than 40 Premier League games for their clubs. Gordon stands at 56 and was the subject of several bids from Chelsea in the summer. This is what Andy wrote in 2017 about Gordon: Neither Gordon nor Jones tops the list for the most top-flight appearances made by the 20 players. That accolade goes to Ivan Ilic, who was at Manchester City at the time but has gone on to play 17 top-flight games in Serbia on loan at FK Zemun and 68 Serie A games for Hellas Verona – and he is still only 21. Other notable players on the Premier League list were Callum Hudson-Odoi, who is spending this season on loan at Bayer Leverkusen, and Nathan Collins, who signed for Wolves this summer for £20.5m, a record fee for an Irish player. Not everyone has stayed in England, several players following in Ilic’s footsteps and moving abroad, some to their home countries, such as Arnau Puigmal, who left Manchester United for Almería in 2021 and is playing in La Liga football for them. As always, there will be players who drop down the divisions or stop playing. Two players are in the seventh tier and one appears to be no longer in the game. What is a successful career? That is probably up to each individual to decide. One thing is for sure, however: there is no point in comparing anyone with Erling Haaland because that is only going to end badly. “He is a freak,” his international teammate Joshua King once said. “I have never seen anyone eat as much as he does. He eats like a bear.”


‘Will I be happier if I erase football from my life?’: how I went cold turkey and quit the beautiful game

What would you do with 25 hours of your life back, every single week? I wondered this after England lost in the men’s World Cup quarter-final in December last year. Through the fug of a festive hangover, memories of the previous evening flooded back: namely me, crying in the middle of a Christmas party, after Harry Kane skied an 84th-minute penalty against France. Prior to this game, my football consumption had been spiralling out of control. Whether I was watching a match, reading about it, listening to podcasts, tinkering with my fantasy league team or endlessly WhatsApp chatting, some fag-packet maths revealed I spent roughly 25 hours a week preoccupied by football. Football wasn’t always my primary focus – for example, when listening to podcasts while walking my dog. But it was still a lot. A full Earth rotation. On top of this, my almost 35 years as a   and England fan – both perennial nearly teams – had left me with a sense that the beautiful game invariably made me sad. I started to wonder whether I’d be happier if I erased football from my life and, as a bonus, got those 25 hours back. But to make such a detox worthwhile would require total, icy abstinence. So, no more games (at Spurs’ stadium or on television). No Match of the Day or Soccer Saturday. I’d have to cut off the flow of information from social media, and stop accessing the many football sources – news sites, podcasts, fantasy league – I slavishly wolfed down, morning to night. This seemed daunting but was at least within my control. Trickier would be the hidden prompts: friends, family, WhatsApp groups, random people talking in the chip shop, TVs flickering in the corner of a pub. British people who give up drinking often remark that alcohol is entwined with all aspects of our culture; I can confirm that football is, too. Regardless, as 2022’s final bells rang out I decided to try it for six weeks – cold turkey – and see what happened. My phone vice is football, a cosmically pointless ballgame played by 22 humans that entered my life around the age of five. I started supporting Spurs, like my older brother James and my dad, and soon I became obsessed. I played (badly) until I was 15, then settled into a lifetime of armchair supporting. I’ve had a season ticket – along with my brother and dad – for 20 years; it has been a thread that tied us together. (My mum and other brother Ben managed to escape the Spurs bug – I often think they lucked out.) Diego Maradona  that “football isn’t a game, nor a sport; it’s a religion” and, for me at least, he’s right. I’ve often felt that I didn’t quite fit in with traditional models of masculinity: a bit fey and awkward, vegetarian, inept with a drill. Football became a way I could enter any group of lads and hold my own. Incessant football consumption not only fed a love of the game but also my sense of being a man. “In your case, every time you read a new football story or get something football-related on your phone, it gives you the dopamine hit. It’s a feelgood hormone,” says Sally Baker, a therapist, who serendipitously has an adult Spurs-supporting son. (“They cannot finish. It’s a thing. It drives me nuts,” she says, referring to Spurs’ tedious habit of losing in finals or semi-finals. The last time they won a major tournament, the FA Cup, I was six. Though we have won two League Cups in the meantime.) “Football is a thing of deep emotional involvement but also an intellectual pursuit for you. So you check all your different streams and by the time you’ve rotated through all of them, there’ll be new content coming up. It’s ultimately disappointing and doesn’t satisfy you,” Baker says. This habit, she suggests, is no different from compulsively checking Facebook. “If you’re doomscrolling at night, it tends to be because you’re feeling lonely and disconnected. In the morning, it tends to be about procrastination – delaying starting your day.” In my case, my brain would fizz when a new Tottenham article or podcast pinged on my phone. I tell Baker about how visceral this pleasure was. Jokingly, I use the word “orgasmic”. “The brain hormones released by great insight and connection to something you’re interested in are the same as those you get from porn,” Baker says. Would six weeks of zero football help me break the habit? Baker tells me that “psychologists differ, but they say it takes between 21 days and three months to have a complete reset”. Twitter’s dogged algorithm endeavoured to get Tottenham-related trending topics through my barricades but, after about a week in which I’d muted every known variation of #ConteOut (Antonio Conte, the Spurs manager, eventually left by “ ” on 26 March), I was, more or less, in a football-free zone. I unsubscribed from the podcasts that usually took up hours and hours of my week. (I had three on heavy rotation, plus a cache of secondary options with incrementally worse production values.) I archived a few WhatsApp groups where football was the main source of discourse. I deleted Instagram. I told some friends, and stayed away from others. When I went to pubs – carefully vetted to ensure they weren’t showing any matches – I messaged football-fixated acquaintances in advance to ask them to avoid discussing it. My family played along gamely – and my girlfriend Robyn, an Arsenal supporter, kept admirably quiet considering her own team was flying at the top of the league. I sailed through the first couple of weeks, feeling pretty smug. If a football segment came on the radio or TV, I’d start shouting “la la la’’ and frantically turn it off. I had to move seats on a bus because some kids were talking about Manchester United. I was totally committed. Instead of attending the north London derby (when Spurs play Arsenal) on 15 January, I completed my tax return and went to the pub next door to attend a wake for a dog called Liza. It was a nice thing that I wouldn’t have done otherwise. I started to think: am I actually happier without football? My life seemed simpler and less distracted. I started chewing through the second draft of a novel that had been taunting me from a Google Doc for 18 months. You may be aware of the psychological concept of “flow”: a deeply satisfying state of consciousness where we are fully absorbed in a singular activity that brings us pleasure. It could be gardening, crochet, playing marimba, Lego – anything. Those who manage to get regularly lost in a flow state – and I’m paraphrasing Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, who named   – experience higher levels of contentment. Yet our world of quick-fix dopamine rewards and distractions make it harder to focus on those flow states that will bring us joy. Starting my day without the usual array of football roundups, reports and features helped me get into a flow state with my book before I started work. Whenever I did, I felt good – calmer. My second draft got finished. It may never see even an Oxfam bookshelf, but it still made me really happy. I did notice that I craved football most when I was knackered or low. I almost lapsed when I caught Covid in early February: podcasts, especially the  , were something I really missed. I emailed its enviably upbeat host, Max Rushden. He supports Spurs and England, too, as well as Cambridge United, and decamped recently from the UK to Australia. I asked him whether it’s different supporting a team like Cambridge United, who have less chance of obtaining any of the game’s big titles; where the mantra “It’s the hope that kills you” doesn’t apply. He is quick to correct me about Spurs’ chances of winning anything, then says: “Genuinely, for me, football isn’t about winning things. Of course it’s about hope. But if it was about success, I and millions of fans would have given up years ago. It’s about all the other things: the match-day routine, the bond with your family and your mates.” It is this bond that I missed the most, and not discussing football with my dad just felt sad: there was a vacuum in our normal conversational repertoire. I had also essentially extricated myself from one group of football-obsessed mates I’ve known since I was a teenager – and missed one of their children’s birthday parties because I didn’t pick up the WhatsApp invite. The tenor of my weekend’s viewing also massively changed: less football, more Happy Valley or Friends. I came to think of breaking up with football like breaking up with a person: at first the memories of them are raw and everywhere, so you avoid the streets you used to walk. But, after a time, those triggers fade and you stop noticing them as much. (Also, eventually they get replaced – I swapped my bedtime football reading for bedtime restaurant reviews.) As time went on – and we moved towards my “coming out” day on 19 February, when I’d go back to my normal seat to watch Spurs v West Ham – I became gripped by a desire to see Harry Kane play, to know that he was all right after that penalty miss against France. I’d later find out that he had been totally fine, breaking Spurs’ all-time goal-scoring record in my absence. On the day of the game, I woke up sizzling with anxiety. In bed, I asked Robyn if Arsenal were still top of the league. They were, and I was happy. (Life’s too short for boring rivalries.) She said she’d missed football being a part of our lives, and we reminisced about our second date: going to watch Arsenal v Liverpool, snogging like teenagers in the corner of a grotty Brighton boozer. I met my brother outside the ground where he updated me on what I’d missed over the last six weeks. In the stadium, a moment I’d been obsessing over for weeks, it was hard to take it all in while posing for photographs for this piece in front of a stand of supporters – some of whom I’d known for over a decade – wondering just who the hell I thought I was. Nevertheless, Tottenham’s new(ish) stadium has a single 17,500-person South Stand: it’s like a diagonal sheet of humanity. I had forgotten how the sound rings celestially from pitch to roof when this disparate choir of loyal believers sings. And the game itself? Spurs played badly, then a bit better, then scored. James and I hugged. It did feel special. Most of all it was nice just hanging out with my brother, and talking about Harry Kane with strangers in the crowd who care as much as I do. I couldn’t wait to call my dad. Several weeks on, I check my phone much less – especially in the mornings, when I was most susceptible to the dopamine hit of football content – and the apps have remained deleted. Instead of football being a 24/7 semi-professional hobby, mainly carried out online, I’m focusing much more on the human connections. The truth is, my 25-hour unquenchable thirst had pulled me away from football’s greatest gift: like everything worth living for, it’s about people. 


After all these years, PSG still do not understand how to succeed at the top

“Trust the process” has been a popular refrain on social media this season. Arsenal were patient with Mikel Arteta and are now being rewarded. At PSG, the hope was that the arrival of Luís Campos as sporting advisor and the “end of bling-bling” culture – as president Nasser Al-Khelaifi put it – would produce a dramatic shift in the club’s fortunes. But was their new process ever worth trusting? PSG’s 1-0 home defeat to   on Sunday night was their eighth in 2023, having been undefeated under Christophe Galtier in 2022. The “hangover” their three forwards experienced after an emotionally draining World Cup has accelerated a downturn that had been under way for some time. Although an astute game-to-game strategist, Galtier is not tactically innovative enough to compete with the game’s leading managers. At his previous clubs – Nice, Lille and Saint-Étienne – he was adept at nullifying opponents but rarely at imposing his own ideas and outplaying rivals. Things are different at PSG. Galtier cannot wait for opponents to attack; he must build a side that is capable of picking apart the organised units he faces in  , while also being able to outsmart equally talented teams in Europe. Galtier’s plan amounts to little more than throwing   together and letting them figure it out for themselves. His 3-4-3 formation – which morphed into a 4-4-2 diamond before   in February – resulted in a disconnect between his three forwards, who effectively had free roles, and the rest of the team, who were organised in a way that made up for that largesse. Initially, with Neymar in unplayable form, their individual quality told. A strong Lille side were demolished 7-1 in August as PSG scored 17 goals in their first three games. The wins continued, but the team became increasingly unconvincing as coaches found ways of defending against such a one-dimensional side – much like Galtier would have done had he been up against his own team. PSG’s six domestic defeats since Christmas tell a story. All have come against Ligue 1’s better sides – Lyon, Rennes (twice), Monaco, Marseille and Lens – and PSG have lost the xG battle in five of them, showing they are not unlucky or random. PSG can still overwhelm weaker opponents but any team with a semblance of quality can, and will, hurt them. Their only creditable performance since the World Cup was a 3-0 win at Marseille in February. Although injuries and transfer market failings have not helped, Galtier has been rumbled and there seems to be nothing he can do about it. He has a workmanlike skillset and is unlikely to make it to next season. The real problem, however, is the misguided decision to appoint him, which was a product of the quasi-galácticos policy that has seen PSG tread water for much of the QSI reign. The club’s hierarchy has not yet realised that spending the most money to sign the best players to simply have more firepower than everyone else is not a reliable means of success in modern football. PSG’s process fails to appreciate that high-level football matches are now won in more nuanced ways. Most elite clubs have two things that PSG do not appear to consider important. Firstly, a trusted and tactically innovative coach. Lille 3-1 Lorient
 Angers 1-1 Nice
 Brest 3-1 Toulouse
 Clermont 2-1 Ajaccio
 Nantes 0-3 Reims
 Monaco 4-3 Strasbourg
 PSG 0-1 Lyon
 Auxerre 1-0 Troyes
 Rennes 0-1 Lens
 Marseille 1-1 Montpellier Unlike in the early 2000s, when Real Madrid enjoyed success with their galácticos – the spiritual godfathers of the current PSG team – top-level football is now a precise science informed by reams of data and widespread tactical innovation. To compete with Manchester City and the rest in 2023, PSG need to outthink and outmanoeuvre, rather than outmuscle or outspend. The former PSG coach Thomas Tuchel understood this, but tiresome internal politics, another failing, brought his reign to a premature end. The club has never truly trusted a coach with their project. Secondly, PSG need absolute buy-in from their squad. Their three forwards want the club to succeed but, especially in the case of Kylian Mbappé and Neymar, it has to be on their terms – and the club have repeatedly signalled that this is acceptable. For example, Mbappé’s infamous #pivotgang Instagram post last year – in which he complained about his more facilitatory role in the team – seems to have directly influenced Galtier’s thinking, contributing to the team’s downturn. The presence of Messi, Neymar and Mbappé is not a problem in itself; their lack of commitment to the team ethic is. Galtier’s appointment was born of these failings. With PSG prepared to offer Mbappé anything so he would sign a new contract last year, Campos’s name was reportedly mentioned by Mbappé as a possible sporting director. The club acquiesced. As shown by his role in Lille and Monaco’s recent title wins, Campos is a master at unearthing cheap talent and helping mid-size clubs overperform. Neither skill is of use to PSG. Campos in turn appointed Galtier, seemingly because he had worked with him before, despite a multitude of more suitable candidates being available. To his credit, despite producing a thin squad and signing an out-of-his-depth coach, Campos has at least brought some common sense to transfers and tried to push the club’s prolific but underused academy. The problem for PSG when compared to the resurgent Arsenal is that their process was barely worthy of trust from the start. Indeed, PSG fans often ask: “What process?” The appointment of Arteta made sense for the club’s reduced aims at that time, whereas Campos and Galtier feel out of place at the Parc des Princes and still owe their positions to the club’s characteristic “bling-bling” ideology. PSG may yet achieve their aims and win the Champions League in this guise, but it is unlikely. Campos may yet remould the club but there is little evidence to suggest he can or will, and the French media suggest his position is also under threat. Trusting in a modern, holistic, tactically innovative approach is what PSG need to do – but finding a process that breeds such trust is proving their most difficult task.  PSG’s defeat to Lyon, their second in a row, has opened up the Ligue 1 title race once more, with the gap to second cut to six points. However, Marseille failed to take full advantage, drawing 1-1 at home to Montpellier, who are now undefeated in seven games since the return of coach Michel Der Zakarian. Their upturn in form has taken them clear of the relegation battle. At the top, Lens are again PSG’s closest rivals after their third win in a row, an impressive 1-0 victory at Rennes. The top two meet in two weeks.  The wide-open Coupe de France resumes this week at the semi-final stage. Holders and relegation battlers Nantes, having impressively ousted Lens in the last eight, face an erratic Lyon side, who, despite beating PSG this weekend, are still ninth in Ligue 1. Mid-table Toulouse, meanwhile, are up against Ligue 2 minnows Annecy, who stunned Marseille at the Vélodrome last month. Lyon are desperate to win their first trophy in more than a decade and are now favourites, despite this being their worst campaign for some time.


‘Your talent will open doors’: the club in Qatar giving African players reason to dream

“Maintain your dignity, maintain your confidence, maintain your belief.” Robert Otiato has been training his Mazrouah FC players for the last two hours and, before everyone heads into the night, it is time for some final words. They have run themselves into the hard, pebbly ground but Otiato has a habit of making them feel 10 feet tall and every face in a tight-knit circle is fixed in his direction. “Your talent will open doors for you,” he tells them. “There is a vision. There is a future.” It has not always been easy to see one here, in a bleak and dusty expanse north-west of Doha. Life can be harsh for the workers whose accommodation sits 100 yards behind the pitch, and to which most of Otiato’s team return after the session. It feels a long way from their homes in different parts of Africa; they are in   to earn some money but, in their limited downtime, there are few ways to occupy body and mind. In January last year Otiato, a 28-year-old Kenyan with eloquent persuasive power, decided to do something about it. He arrived in Qatar almost two years ago, thinking he would be a waiter but instead being employed to load and unload trucks. In his homeland he was a successful goalkeeper for lower-league teams and coached an amateur side, but moving abroad made more economic sense than staying. He noticed the community had no organised outlet for those who wanted to play football. He also realised that he was surrounded by talented, hungry young players who still held hopes of progressing in the sport but had been offered little direction. Mazrouah, named after the area, was born. Today a squad of up to 30 trains six evenings a week; sometimes work intrudes but several players have been successful in persuading employers to accommodate their football when devising rotas. At the start Otiato had to clear rocks from the area to create a relatively safe playing space; there were also disputes with south Asian neighbours who used it for cricket. Now both parties have made room to play side by side and Mazrouah feel they have established a springboard for rapid progress. “We’re thinking about how we’re going to grow beyond this place,” Otiato says. “This is just the start of it.” Last year the club began playing friendlies against other migrant teams in Doha, gradually increasing the quality of opposition and holding their own. They entered two tournaments and in the second, the well-organised Barwa Champions League, reached the quarter-finals. Training is serious and impressively structured: Otiato, who says he studies the likes of Jürgen Klopp and Mikel Arteta, sets out cones and oversees a variety of drills. Then the team play an in-house game and the standard, considering the inhospitable location, is high. The keepers can dive fearlessly because carpet has been sourced to cover their goalmouths. Players contribute 50 riyals (£11) a month towards Mazrouah’s operation. The sum funds training materials, travel to away games and incentives such as trophies for individual excellence; it has also brought them their own kit, designed and printed via the friend of a player in Kenya. But the club is young and the fee to join Qatar’s best amateur setup, the Supreme Committee-run Community League, doubled this season to 4,000 riyals (£880). That was prohibitive so they are looking for a sponsor to help them participate and, in addition, find better facilities. Each of Otiato’s crew has a story. Wycliffe, one of his assistant coaches, was a leading referee in Kenya and in 2021 was named among the top three officials in its Super League. Now he works as a security guard at a resort in Doha. “I’ve got a family and couldn’t earn enough in Kenya,” he says. “But I love refereeing, it’s what I do best. If you can do it in Africa, you can do it anywhere. It’s my dream to referee at a   and I’m always optimistic, I pray the chance will come.” Mazrouah’s captain is Omar, a rangy midfielder with commanding presence on the ball. He arrived in Qatar after accepting a job offer cleaning at a golf club but his real motivation was to develop a football career that started in Kenya’s second tier. It was a setback to learn that, being clubless, he could only attempt to sign for a senior Qatari side once he had lived in the country for four years. Somebody purporting to be an agent offered to represent him but it did not feel right; he bobbed between other amateur teams for more than a year until being enticed to Mazrouah soon after their creation and winning a vote to lead the side. “I like bringing people together and think leadership is my thing,” he says. “I have a plan and I know one day I’ll be a professional player.” Hamy, a 20-year-old schemer who played for two clubs in Uganda, decided to seek work in Qatar because he felt inspired by the World Cup. He is a site officer at one of the gleaming skyscrapers being erected in Lusail, where the final was held, but prays to get his big footballing break. Daniel, a Ghanaian who works in security at a hotel, was an attacking right-back in his home country’s second division and hopes his ability will catch somebody’s attention. The same goes for the Zambians, Gambians and other nationalities who make up Mazrouah’s squad. But few eyes wander to an outpost like this and it is a gargantuan challenge, for young men who have arrived without professional guidance or experience in a leading academy, to make their fortunes this way. Otiato believes he is sitting on a well of untapped talent and is intent on giving it a platform. “We have players here who are capable of bigger things,” he says. “My aim is to lead this team from Africa, to Qatar, to beyond.” There are two other strands to his mission. He knows the importance of football when daily existence is so difficult. “Some of these guys come from very difficult backgrounds in Africa,” he says. “And in Qatar there is a lot of pressure: the living conditions are not great in some cases. But we don’t complain. I tell them this is a family and we are here to come together, fight and support each other.” He recounts the story of a player who required surgery for an industrial injury and was ready to leave Qatar, but opted to stay because of the connection he feels to Mazrouah. Otiato also wants Mazrouah to reach a financial position whereby they can regularly support people in their home countries. He wants to assist local teams and also fund education for those who need it, so that they can earn the qualifications that might help them work abroad. They have started by donating to two individuals in Kenya and Uganda but want to scale their assistance up: the point is to gaze forwards while taking care of their roots. Individually and collectively, there are ambitions here that give life fresh dimensions in an otherwise sterile situation. Otiato and his friends have created something from nothing in a place where none of them could ever have expected to pitch up. “These boys really love each other, I can tell you that,” he says. “When they come here, they know how much they are appreciated.”


How a wind-up convinced Maradona he could win World Cup on his own

Diego Maradona arrived in Mexico like a well-tuned violin. He had managed to stabilise his weight at 76kg long before the World Cup. His physical condition was optimal from the feet to the neck, and little by little he managed to acclimatise to the Aztec high habitat. The place chosen as the training camp was ideal for footballers – although they baptised it as Alcatraz, the famous American penitentiary located on a small island in the San Francisco Bay. They could perform the necessary exercises to adapt to the altitude, enjoy many hours of rest and sleep, a good diet and a relaxed, calm atmosphere. The coach Carlos Bilardo, who had rehearsed acclimatisation to the altitude with a group of players – although without Diego – in Tilcara, a town in the province of Jujuy located about 3,000m above sea level, also organised several training sessions at the time set for games, so the boys would also get used to the torrid heat of the Mexican summer. Diego trained with the team on the field, where Bilardo ordered his tactics and strategies. I was there as Diego’s personal trainer and, as in Naples, I worried about choosing what work to do so as not to overload Diego’s muscles. The Italian season had been very demanding and I couldn’t allow him to overtrain and reach the   with wet gunpowder, as had happened in Spain four years before. I also set out to motivate him, to help him free his mind from understandable hesitations, from the fears that stage fright can generate. One night, I decided it was time to adjust the last nut on that incredible 1.68m-tall football machine. I got to Diego’s room and found him on his bed, reading a magazine, lying on his back and with his legs bent. I said hello and only Pedro Pasculli, Diego’s roommate and former Argentinos Juniors teammate, answered. “The 10” continued, engrossed in reading. He didn’t answer me. I took advantage of his concentration to give Pedro a knowing wink, making him understand that I needed his collaboration. “How are you, Profe?” “How are you, Pedrito?” “Well, and you?” “The truth? I am perfect. Today was a great day, Pedro!” “Why? What happened?” “Today I realised that all these guys who came to be World Cup stars are in fact a bunch of cowards!” “Nooooo! Really?” “Believe me! In one of the newspapers, I read that Zico declared that he prefers a great performance from Brazil rather than his personal brilliance. Platini said more or less the same; Rummenigge, the identical music …” I made a deep, brief, deliberate silence. And I added: “And one I know …” I could not finish the sentence. Directly alluded to and beside himself, Diego, apparently concentrating on reading, flipped the magazine over and shouted at me: “But what do you think, fucking Blind [Signorini’s nickname], that this is as easy as you think?” Sign up to  The best of our sports journalism from the past seven days and a heads-up on the weekend’s action after newsletter promotion With a very calm voice and looking into his eyes, I replied: “Easy? Very easy I would say! God gives bread to those who have no teeth. If I had your conditions, you’d see!” He wanted to interrupt but I, pretending to be angry, raised my tone and concluded: “Convince yourself once and for all, pig head! If not, what the hell did we do everything we did for? If you decide, you win the World Cup alone. Understand it!” I did not say “pig head” in a derogatory sense: that is what tremendously noble guys with well-defined principles are called in  . Diego knew that I always spoke to him from affection and protection. I took two steps back, opened the door, and went to my room. As I walked down the corridor, I heard the loud insults that Diego dedicated to me resounding, combined with Pedrito’s laughter. The next day the press was authorised to enter the Club América campus and a cloud of journalists from all over the world invaded to talk with the boys. As always, Diego was the favourite prey of the reporters, among whom Bobby Charlton stood out, the unforgettable England midfielder and world champion in 1966. The   captain stood before the cameras and microphones with excellent humour. He answered all the questions with wit and determination. That night I stopped by his room and saw him excitedly playing cards with other guys, so I said hello and left. The next morning I got up for an early breakfast. At the bar, Jorge Valdano and the delegation’s cook, Julio Onieva, chatted animatedly. Scattered on a round table, the just-arrived newspapers were waiting. I started flipping through them until one headline made a huge impact on me. The title that headed a photograph of Diego with a huge smile announced: “Maradona opens the fire: ‘I will be the star of the World Cup.’” I experienced infinite pleasure. “Now we are ready,” I decreed. Today, when the outcome of the tournament is known and recognised, I must say that what followed was, for me, a fantastic experience that should be titled Chronicle of an Announced Victory. But, logically, no one could predict anything before the opening whistle against South Korea, at the Olympic in Mexico City; nor when that game ended, because the Koreans gave Diego so many kicks that I thought he was out of the World Cup in the first match. The most egregious blow came from Huh Jung-moo: within four minutes of the first half, Diego eluded two rivals, and Jung-Moo landed a terrifying kick in the knee. The Korean launched himself directly to destroy his opponent, without any intention of reaching the ball – if you don’t believe me, you can relive it thanks to YouTube. He would have deserved to go straight to jail, but Spanish referee Victoriano Sánchez Arminio didn’t even show him a yellow card. This is how Fifa cared for the skilled: with matches played at high altitude, during the midday of a hellish summer, without repressing criminal violence? Meanwhile, João Havelange, the guy who presided over Fifa at the time, filled his mouth with words like “show”, “sport” or “fair play”. Pure blah-blah. I don’t know how Diego recovered from that and another dozen blows, but in that match he provided three assists for Argentina to win 3-0: two to Valdano and one to Óscar Ruggeri. “The 10” seemed a beast as hungry as he was insatiable. The physical preparation and internal fire had made him an unstoppable bulldozer, who also threw rays of genius, like the goal that he scored against Italy. Frankly, I can’t find how to describe what he invented in Puebla. Valdano played a ball that seemed complicated and he turned it into a poem: flying into the rivals’ area, closely marked by the experienced defender Gaetano Scirea, Diego jumped over the corner of the small area and, in the air, as if suspended, he managed to get his left boot to caress the ball so that it passed away from goalkeeper Giovanni Galli. It seemed that the ball was going out, but no: it stung and twisted its course towards the net. How did he do it? No one could explain it. Not even he found a coherent justification.


